---
title: "NTHU IoA Colloquium: 5/23 (Fri) by Nagayoshi Ohashi (ASIAA)"
date: 2025-05-29T11:19:35
draft: false
---

Dear all,

The IoA colloquium this Friday (5/23) at 14:30 in R521 will be given by Nagayoshi Ohashi from ASIAA. The title and abstract of the talk are attached below. There will be faculty lunch as well as tea time before and after the talk as usual. Please mark your calendar!


Title:
Early Planet Formation in Embedded Disks (eDisk): Robust estimation of the dynamical mass of protostars

Abstract:
Disks around young stars are widely recognized as the sites of planet formation. While such disks are commonly observed around pre-main-sequence stars, like T Tauri stars, they are also frequently found around embedded protostars. Studying disks in these early evolutionary stages is crucial for understanding the potential onset of planet formation prior to the T Tauri phase. Moreover, these disks provide valuable opportunities to estimate the dynamical mass of the central protostar.
The ALMA Large Program, Early Planet Formation in Embedded Disks (eDisk), has conducted the first systematic, high-angular-resolution survey of embedded disks in nearby star-forming regions. Initial results reveal that 1.3 mm dust continuum emission from these disks typically shows less prominent substructures—such as rings and gaps—yet displays significantly thicker vertical structures compared to more evolved Class II disks. Additionally, Keplerian rotation patterns have been detected in molecular lines (e.g., C¹⁸O 2–1) in most of the observed embedded disks, allowing for reliable dynamical mass estimates of the central protostars.
In this presentation, I will briefly summarize the initial findings from the eDisk project and discuss ongoing efforts to analyze the dataset, with particular focus on the robust determination of protostellar masses across the sample.