---
title: "Re: Registration reminder for the conference \"SMBH growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS\" @ ASIAA [March 17-19, 2026]"
date: 2025-12-26T16:23:17+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

Sorry for the multiple email announcements, but this is another
reminder of registration for the PFS/HSC-AGN conference at ASIAA in
March 2026.

The deadline for submitting a presentation (oral or poster)
application and requesting hotel reservations is *** December 31st
***.
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/registration.php

We look forward to seeing you in Taipei!

Best regards,
Yoshiki Toba
on behalf of the SOC and PFS-AGN WG

> =========================
> 2nd circular of the AGN conference "SMBH growth viewed with large
> field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS"
> March 17 - 19, 2026
> Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica (ASIAA), Taipei, Taiwan
> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/index.php
> =========================
>
> We are pleased to inform you that an AGN international conference
> entitled "SMBH growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus
> on the initial results from Subaru PFS" will be held at ASIAA (Taipei,
> Taiwan) on March 17-19, 2026. We assume a hybrid style (face-to-face
> and online). We expect the conference to be a full three-day event.
>
> Registration and hotel reservations (Howard Hotel near the venue) are now open.
> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/registration.php
>
> The deadline for submitting a presentation (oral or poster)
> application and requesting hotel reservations is *** December 31st
> ***.
> # This deadline has been extended by about half a month from the
> initial deadline (12/15).
> # The number of rooms the LOC can secure at the Howard Hotel is
> limited. Therefore, submitting a hotel reservation request **does not
> guarantee a room**. Please be aware that, depending on the number of
> requests, you may be asked to share a room (especially students) or
> may need to arrange your own hotel.
>
> We look forward to this conference being an excellent opportunity to
> share and discuss the latest research findings from Subaru PFS. We
> welcome presentations and ideas not only on AGN research using
> PFS/HSC, but also on galaxy/AGN science based on wide-field
> imaging/spectroscopic observations using instruments such as DESI,
> Euclid, Rubin/LSST, and Roman.
>
> Best regards,
> Yoshiki Toba
> on behalf of the SOC
>
> --------------
> Scientific rationale:
> --------------
> One of the most critical issues in astronomy and astrophysics today is
> to understand when and how supermassive black holes (SMBHs) have formed
> and evolved across cosmic history. The Hyper Suprime-Cam Subaru
> Strategic Program (HSC-SSP) has been mighty in this field, producing a
> variety of scientific results, from the host galaxies in the local
> universe to the most distant quasars. Additionally, once wide-area
> imaging/spectroscopic observations with Euclid, Rubin/LSST, and Roman
> become available, AGN science can be anticipated to advance, e.g., from
> statistical properties and rare population search. This conference aims
> to share our insights into the growth history of SMBHs, derived from HSC
> data (including both SSP and open-use), and to explore strategies for
> advancing the field's heritage into the future. In particular, the
> science operation of the Prime Focus Spectrograph (PFS) and PFS-SSP
> began in March 2025, providing millions of galaxy/AGN spectra in the
> future. Hence, this conference will be an excellent opportunity to share
> scientific results based on initial PFS (open-use/SSP) data and discuss
> the spectroscopic properties of AGN. We invite all researchers who are
> leading or interested in AGN studies based on wide-field survey data to
> this conference. Any AGN sciences/proposal presentation with those
> facilities is welcome.
>
> The topics to be covered in the conference include (but are not limited to):
> - AGN search with multi-wavelength/time-domain data
> - Statistical properties of AGN/galaxies (e.g., luminosity function
> and correlation function)
> - SMBH growth over cosmic time
> - AGN host properties (e.g., morphology and AGN-SF connection)
> - AGN/galaxy environment
> - Any PFS-related topics
> - Status of on-going AGN/galaxy projects and future prospects
>
> --------------
> Invited speakers
> --------------
> - Thaisa Storchi Bergmann (UFRGS) (remote)
> - Ke-Jung Chen (ASIAA)
> - Kohei Ichikawa (Tohoku Univ.)
> - Linhua Jiang (KIAA) (remote)
> - Daichi Kashino (NAOJ)
> - Mitsuru Kokubo (NAOJ)
> - Yen-Ting Lin (ASIAA)
> - Masafusa Onoue (Waseda Univ.)
> - Tomomi Sunayama (ASIAA)
> - Yoshiki Toba (Ritsumeikan Univ.)
> - Po-Feng Wu (NTU）
>
> --------------
> Registration:
> --------------
> Please visit the registration form:
> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/registration.php
> # No registration fee.
> # The deadline for oral/poster presentation is December 31.
>
> --------------
> Hotel reservation:
> --------------
> A limited number of rooms will be available at the Howard Civil
> Service International House (Howard Hotel):
> https://www.howard-hotels.com.tw/en_US/HotelBusiness/96
> If you need assistance booking a room at Howard, please submit your
> request via the registration form.
> # If there are many applications, we cannot guarantee a reservation
> even if you apply.
> # Please pay close attention to communications from LOC or the hotel.
> # Please also check the following information:
> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/venue.php
>
> --------------
> Travel support:
> --------------
> Unfortunately, travel expenses will not be supported this time.
> We appreciate your understanding.
>
> --------------
> Important dates:
> --------------
> - Early November: 2nd circular. The registration (including the hotel
> reservation requests) starts.
> - December 31: Registration deadline for those who give oral/poster
> presentations.
> - During January 2026: 3rd circular. The program is open.
> - End of January: Deadline for registration without oral/poster
> presentations. Final headcount for banquet/lunch boxes, etc.
> - Early March: Final circular
>
> -----------------
> Conference venue
> -----------------
> ASIAA 1F auditorium
>
> -----------------
> Code of Conduct
> -----------------
> https://hsc.mtk.nao.ac.jp/ssp/code-of-conduct/#hsc-survey-collaboration-meetings
>
> -----------------
> Scientific Organization Committee (SOC)
> -----------------
> Masayuki Akiyama (Tohoku Univ.)
> Kohei Ichikawa (Tohoku Univ.)
> Masatoshi Imanishi (NAOJ)
> Yoshiki Matsuoka (Ehime Univ.)
> Tohru Nagao (Ehime Univ.)
> Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA)
> Ayumi Takahashi (Kanagawa Univ.)
> Yoshiki Toba (Ritsumeikan Univ., Chair)
> Keiichi Wada (Kagoshima Univ.)
>
> -----------------
> Local Organization Committee (LOC)
> -----------------
> - Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA, Chair)
> - Yen-Ting Lin (ASIAA)
> - Cindy Chiu (ASIAA)
> - Grace Huang (ASIAA)
> - Shirley Huang (ASIAA)
> - Tina Lin (ASIAA)
> =========================