---
title: "Announcement for EAMA11 meeting in Japan (Dec. 8-12, 2025)"
date: 2025-06-04T17:33:50
draft: false
---

We are delighted to announce that the registration for the 11th East-Asian Meeting on
Astronomy (EAMA11) is now open at
https://naoj-global.mtk.nao.ac.jp/eama11/

IMPORTANT DATES:
March 4, 2025 Abstract submission Opens
May 29, 2025 Abstract Submission Deadline
August 1, 2025 Registration Opens
Dec. 8, 2025 Meeting starts

RATIONALE:
The East-Asian Meeting on Astronomy (EAMA) series was initially established to bring
together East Asian astronomers to foster regional collaboration in research and
development. The previous meeting, EAMA10, was held in 2016, with subsequent
gatherings postponed partly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. EAMA11, the upcoming
gathering hosted by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ), will
broaden its scope to encompass astronomical researchers across Asia and beyond,
providing a valuable platform for researchers to reconnect, share ideas, and promote
collaboration. We solicit talks on regional activities, current and upcoming large-scale
facilities, recent scientific discoveries, astronomy education and public outreach. We
encourage regional researchers to actively participate, build lasting friendships, and
develop future collaborative projects.

MEETING TOPICS:
Regional Activities
Projects and Instrumentation
Cosmology and Galaxy Formation
Supermassive Blackholes and Active Galactic Nuclei
Diffuse Interstellar Medium
Star Formation and Exoplanets
Astrophysics of Sun and Stars
High Energy Astrophysics
Multi-Messenger and Time-domain Astronomy
Outreach and Education

Confirmed Invited Speakers
Geoff Bower (EAO)
Ken Chen (ASIAA)
Mamoru Doi (NAOJ)
Lei Hao (SHAO)
Daniel Harsono (NTHU)
Paul Ho (EAO)
Sujin Kim (KASI)
Jeong-Eun Lee (SNU)
Nicha Leethochawalit (NARIT)
Di Li (THU/NAOC)
Aran Lyo (KASI)
Takashi Miyata (U Tokyo)
Jang Hyun Park (KASI)
Jongho Park (KHU)
Ue-Li Pen (ASIAA)
Jubee Sohn (SNU)
Masahiro Takada (U Tokyo)
Masaomi Tanaka (Tohoku U)
Matipon Tangmatitham (NARIT)
Makoto Tashiro (Saitama U)
Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang (NTHU)
Ping Zhou (NJU)
WeiWei Zhu (NAOC)

DATE and VENUE:
The EAMA11 will be held from December 8 to 12, 2025, at TOKI MESSE (Niigata
Convention Center) in Niigata City, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
TOKI MESSE: Niigata Convention Center
Niigata City is located on the northwest coast of Honshu, Japan’s largest island. The
city is accessible by two main means of transportation: by plane via Niigata
International Airport, or by train via JR Niigata Station. Direct international flights are
available to and from Seoul, Shanghai, and Taipei while domestic flights connect
Niigata with many major cities in Japan. The JR Joetsu Shinkansen (bullet train) can
take you from Tokyo Station to JR Niigata Station in about 2 hours.
The conference venue, TOKI MESSE, is located approx. 2 km from JR Niigata Station
and can be reached in 15 minutes by bus or 5 minutes by taxi. From Niigata Airport, it
is about 20 minutes by taxi.

SOC members:
Sheng-Yuan Liu (ASIAA), Hsiang-Yi (Karen) Yang (NTHU), Jongsoo Kim (KASI),
Jeong-Eun Lee (SNU), Chao-Wei Tsai (NAOC), Lei Hao (SHAO), Kentaro Motohara
(NAOJ), Mareki Honma (NAOJ, chair), Puji Irawati (NARIT), Supachai Awiphan
(NARIT)