---
title: "Fwd: GW-CMB 2025 Workshop "New Frontiers in Observational Cosmology with Gravitational Waves and Cosmic Microwave Background""
date: 2025-10-29T19:00:20+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

We will have a mini-workshop
"New Frontiers in Observational Cosmology with
Gravitational Waves and Cosmic Microwave Background (GW-CMB 2025)”,
on Nov. 6 (Thur) and 7 (Fri) at National Central University (NCU).
The workshop web page is

https://indico.phys.sinica.edu.tw/event/361/

You are welcome to attend the workshop.
Please complete registration at the above web page,
which can be done within 5 minutes.

The program mainly consists of invited talks, but we can accept poster
presentations and a few short oral presentations.

Best regards,
Yuki Inoue and Masashi Hazumi
on behalf of the GW-CMB 2025 organizers

—————————————————
Overview of GW-CMB 2025

We live in an era striving to uncover the origin of the Universe through
observation. A century after Hubble’s discovery of cosmic expansion, our
instruments have advanced dramatically. Through diverse probes—the cosmic
microwave background (CMB), galaxy surveys, supernovae, and gravitational
waves—the Universe’s history has become a subject of direct measurement
rather than theory.
Cosmology has entered a stage where precision observations open new
physics, and at its frontier lies the search for the stochastic
gravitational-wave background (SGWB).
Within the next five years, two landmark discoveries may be within reach:
(1) primordial gravitational waves from inflation or cosmological phase
transitions; and
(2) an astrophysical SGWB from compact binary mergers across cosmic time.
These goals unite cosmology and gravitational-wave astronomy, driving
international efforts such as LIGO–Virgo–KAGRA and the Simons Observatory
toward the next breakthrough.
In this mini-workshop, we explore the combined impact of GW and CMB
observations on the emerging Gravitational-Wave Landscape, the cosmology
and astrophysics they enable, and new ideas for cross-correlations with
other probes.

Confirmed speakers:
   • Yi-Kuan Chiang (ASIAA)
   • Yuji Chinone (KEK)
   • Shouvik Roy Choudhury (ASIAA)
   • Giacomo Galloni (Ferrara)
   • Tomo Goto (NTHU)
   • Colin Hill (Columbia)
   • Yuki Inoue (NCU, ASIoP)
   • Daiki Tanabe (ASIoP)
   • Keiichi Umetsu (ASIAA)
   • Viona Wei (NCU)
   • More to be announced...