---
title: "End of Star Formation Conference: abstract deadline extended to Nov. 22"
date: 2025-11-12T08:52:25+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

For those interested in the “End of Star Formation” Conference, please note
that the abstract submission deadline has been extended to Nov. 22. Details
are provided below.

best,
Lihwai

=======================
Conference - The End of Star Formation - Urbana, IL - abstract deadline Nov
22

*Updates: Abstract deadline extended to November 22; Additional funding for
travel support now available.*

We are excited to announce that abstract submission is now open for the
conference “The End of Star Formation” scheduled to be held at the
University of Illinois in Urbana, IL, March 2– 6 2026. More information can
be found at the conference website here:
https://sites.google.com/view/endofsfpuertovaras. Abstract submissions are
now open (link here: https://forms.gle/rJeKzVTMpn7HYUmP6), and will be due
November *22*, 2025.

Note that some travel funding for North American early career participants
will be provided by the NAASC. *Update: travel support will also be
available for other international participants through a grant provided by
the RAS.*

Galaxy merging is a central prediction of the ΛCDM paradigm, and has the
potential to drive rapid changes in galaxy properties. Most importantly,
mergers have the potential to both rapidly enhance and then rapidly halt –
or “quench” – star formation in the remnant. In this conference, we will
bring together members of the astrophysical community studying the
merger-driven rapid quenching of star formation in galaxies, from the
nearby universe to high-redshift. We aim to address the following key
questions:

1. What are the main mechanisms for rapid quenching and what are its
signatures?
2. How is rapid quenching related to morphological change and the buildup
of central black holes?
3. What are the big open questions regarding the physics of rapid quenching?
4. What is the influence of AGN throughout the quenching phase?
5. What have we learned in the last several years (with e.g., JWST, ALMA,
new cosmological simulations, etc.) and how will upcoming facilities
progress our understanding of rapid galaxy quenching?

The idea of this meeting is to bring together observers, with experience at
all wavelengths, and theorists working on rapid quenching at any simulation
scale. With a focus on discussion and model–observation comparison, we aim
to identify the biggest open questions on how and why galaxies quench, and
collaboratively discuss which areas are most critical for advancement.