---
title: "Fwd: Invitation to the IAAC 2025 astronomy education program"
date: 2025-06-17T07:37:19+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

FYI,

The International Astronomy and Astrophysics Competition is an educational astronomy competition open to students from around the world. In three rounds, students use their problem-solving skills and expand their knowledge through diverse astronomy and astrophysics problems. Since its launch in 2019, IAAC has reached over 28,000 students and involved 1,400 educators from more than 120 countries.

This year's prizes include telescopes signed by the astronaut Frank De Winne and Nobel Prize laureates François Englert, Michel Mayor, Gerard 't Hooft and Didier Queloz.

The submission deadline for this year's Qualification Round is Friday, 4 July 2025. Resources such as problem sets, flyers, and posters can be accessed on our website: https://iaac.space. We'd greatly appreciate it if you could share this opportunity with interested students and educators to encourage participation.

If you have any questions or need additional information, reach out to us at outreach@iaac.space.

>
> Dear 中華民國天文學會,I am reaching out to inform you of this year's International Astronomy and Astrophysics Competition and kindly ask you to share the program's details with interested members, students, and educators.The International Astronomy and Astrophysics Competition is an educational astronomy competition open to students from around the world. In three rounds, students use their problem-solving skills and expand their knowledge through diverse astronomy and astrophysics problems. Since its launch in 2019, IAAC has reached over 28,000 students and involved 1,400 educators from more than 120 countries.This year's prizes include telescopes signed by the astronaut Frank De Winne and Nobel Prize laureates François Englert, Michel Mayor, Gerard 't Hooft and Didier Queloz.The submission deadline for this year's Qualification Round is Friday, 4 July 2025. Resources such as problem sets, flyers, and posters can be accessed on our website: https://iaac.space. We'd greatly appreciate it if you could share this opportunity with interested students and educators to encourage participation. If you have any questions or need additional information, reach out to us at outreach@iaac.space.
> Best regards,Stefan Amberg__________________________________Outreach CoordinatorE-Mail: outreach@iaac.spacePhone: +49-177-6762399 (Germany)Address: Pstf 110105 / 69071 Heidelberg / DE
> International Astronomy and Astrophysics CompetitionFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/iaac.space/Instagram: instagram.com/iaac.spaceWebsite: www.iaac.space