---
title: "1st circular of the AGN conference "SMBH growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS""
date: 2025-09-01T13:20:21+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

Please see below for the announcement of the AGN conference "SMBH
growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus on the initial
results from Subaru PFS", which will take place from 17 to 19 March
2026 at ASIAA.

Sincerely,
 Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA; LOC chair) on behalf of the SOC

=========================
1st circular of the AGN conference "SMBH growth viewed with large
field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS"
March 17 - 19, 2026
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica (ASIAA), Taipei, Taiwan
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/index.php
=========================

--------------
Scientific rationale:
--------------
One of the most critical issues in astronomy and astrophysics today is
to understand when and how supermassive black holes (SMBHs) have formed
and evolved across cosmic history. The Hyper Suprime-Cam Subaru
Strategic Program (HSC-SSP) has been mighty in this field, producing a
variety of scientific results, from the host galaxies in the local
universe to the most distant quasars. Additionally, once wide-area
imaging/spectroscopic observations with Euclid, Rubin/LSST, and Roman
become available, AGN science can be anticipated to advance, e.g., from
statistical properties and rare population search. This conference aims
to share our insights into the growth history of SMBHs, derived from HSC
data (including both SSP and open-use), and to explore strategies for
advancing the field's heritage into the future. In particular, the
science operation of the Prime Focus Spectrograph (PFS) and PFS-SSP
began in March 2025, providing millions of galaxy/AGN spectra in the
future. Hence, this conference will be an excellent opportunity to share
scientific results based on initial PFS (open-use/SSP) data and discuss
the spectroscopic properties of AGN. We invite all researchers who are
leading or interested in AGN studies based on wide-field survey data to
this conference. Any AGN sciences/proposal presentation with those
facilities is welcome.

The topics to be covered in the conference include (but are not limited to):
- AGN search with multi-wavelength/time-domain data
- Statistical properties of AGN/galaxies (e.g., luminosity function
and correlation function)
- SMBH growth over cosmic time
- AGN host properties (e.g., morphology and AGN-SF connection)
- AGN/galaxy environment
- Any PFS-related topics
- Status of on-going AGN/galaxy projects and future prospects

--------------
Invited speakers (TBD)
--------------
- Thaisa Storchi Bergmann (UFRGS)
- Ke-Jung Chen (ASIAA)
- Kohei Ichikawa (Waseda U.)
- Linhua Jiang (KIAA)
- Daichi Kashino (NAOJ)
- Yen-Ting Lin (ASIAA)
- Masafusa Onoue (Waseda U.)
- Yoshiki Toba (Ritsumeikan U.)
- Tomomi Sunayama (ASIAA)
- Po-Feng Wu (NTU）

--------------
Registration:
--------------
To be open in November

--------------
Important dates:
--------------
- Early September:      1st circular
- Early November:       2nd circular. The registration (including the
hotel reservation requests) starts.
- December 15:          Registration deadline for those who give
oral/poster presentations.
- During January, 2026: 3rd circular. The program is open.
- End of January:       Deadline for registration without oral/poster
presentations. Final headcount for banquet/lunch boxes, etc.
- Early March:          Final circular

-----------------
Conference venue
-----------------
ASIAA 1F auditorium

-----------------
Code of Conduct
-----------------
https://hsc.mtk.nao.ac.jp/ssp/code-of-conduct/#hsc-survey-collaboration-meetings

-----------------
Scientific Organization Committee (SOC)
-----------------
Masayuki Akiyama (Tohoku Univ.)
Kohei Ichikawa (Waseda Univ.)
Masatoshi Imanishi (NAOJ)
Yoshiki Matsuoka (Ehime Univ.)
Tohru Nagao (Ehime Univ.)
Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA)
Ayumi Takahashi (Kanagawa Univ.)
Yoshiki Toba (Ritsumeikan Univ., Chair)
Keiichi Wada (Kagoshima Univ.)

-----------------
Local Organization Committee (LOC)
-----------------
- Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA, Chair)
- Yen-Ting Lin (ASIAA)
- Cindy Chiu (ASIAA)
- Grace Huang (ASIAA)
- Shirley Huang (ASIAA)
- Tina Lin (ASIAA)
=========================