---
title: "[Mini-workshop for planetary atmosphere modeling: 2nd announcement] June 23 (Mon)"
date: 2025-06-18T23:11:19+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues and students,

The Center of Astronomy and Gravitation (CAG) at NTNU is excited
to announce the upcoming Mini-workshop for planetary atmosphere modeling (with
tutorials!).  The workshop is scheduled to be held in the afternoon of
Monday, June 23, at NTNU's Gongguan Campus.

You're welcome to spread the word about the workshop!

=================================
Planetary Atmospheres: how to simulate the composition of different worlds

The study of planetary atmospheres plays a crucial role in advancing our
understanding of planetary formation, evolution, and diversity. The
chemical composition of an atmosphere preserves valuable information about
a planet’s origin, surface and interior processes, and potential for
habitability. As exoplanet observations rapidly expand and spectroscopic
data become increasingly precise, the ability to model atmospheric
chemistry with accuracy is essential for interpreting these observations
and uncovering the physical conditions of distant worlds.

In this workshop, Dr. Shang-Min Tsai
<https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/people/cv_c.php?i=smtsai> (ASIAA) will
offer a comprehensive introduction to the principles and techniques of
atmospheric chemical modeling. Participants will learn how to simulate
atmospheric composition profiles under a range of physical conditions using
the open-source VULCAN code <https://github.com/exoclime/VULCAN> developed
by Dr. Tsai. Key topics include chemical kinetics, vertical mixing,
boundary conditions, and customization of chemical networks. The workshop
will feature hands-on examples covering hot Jupiters, Earth-like planets,
and other planetary atmospheres. It is designed for students and
researchers with interests in planetary science, exoplanetary atmospheres,
atmospheric chemistry, and numerical modeling. Join us to explore the
atmosphere of different worlds!

Date: 23 June 2025 (Monday)

Location: *C403, National Taiwan Normal University, Gongguan Campus*

Speaker/Lecturer: Dr. Shang-Min Tsai (ASIAA)

*Registration:*
https://www.cag.ntnu.edu.tw/index.php/en/events/2025_vulcan_workshop/

(The registration will be closed on 6/20 Firday 5pm)
===
Best,
Wei-Ling Tseng and Hung-Yi Pu

-- 
Hung-Yi Pu
Assistant professor
Department of Physics, National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU)
No. 88, Sec. 4, Tingzhou Road, Taipei 116, Taiwan, R.O.C.
+886-2-77496044
hypu@gapps.ntnu.edu.tw <hpu@ntnu.edu.tw>
https://hungyipu.wordpress.com/