---
title: "ACS symposium on Icy Universe (abstract deadline September 29)"
date: 2025-09-12T10:30:52+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

I hope this email is not blocked/filtered. Please forward the
following information to other colleagues/postdocs/students.

There is a special symposium at the American Chemical Society 2026
meeting in Atlanta on the icy universe. I was asked to pass along this
flyer and information by the organizers.

The symposium focuses on astrochemistry during star and planet
formation. In particular, the ice (and gas) observations by JWST. The
summary is shown below.

Please pass it along to those who are interested in this session and
ask them to submit an abstract. The abstract submission deadline is
September 29.

Summary
The origin of life on Earth remains one of the most significant and
unresolved "Grand Challenges" in science. Recent advancements in
modern observatories, coupled with progress in astrochemical modeling
and laboratory experiments, have revealed that complex organic
molecules (COMs), including prebiotic species, are abundantly formed
in both the interstellar medium (ISM) and the Solar System. Throughout
the star-formation process, a dynamic interplay exists between
gas-phase species and solid-phase molecules frozen on the surfaces of
interstellar dust particles. Current understanding suggests that COMs
are primarily synthesized in the solid phase and can transition to the
gas phase via thermal and non-thermal desorption mechanisms. The
intricate chemical complexity observed in star-forming regions serves
as the foundational material for future exoplanetary systems. Despite
this, our knowledge of these organic molecules within interstellar
ices and their physicochemical evolution in space remains limited. The
James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), with its unparalleled resolution
and sensitivity in the near- to mid-infrared spectral range, has
revolutionized our understanding of the Universe. It has provided
unprecedented insights into the early stages of star formation,
capturing detailed observations of protostars and protoplanetary
disks. The JWST has enabled the first direct detection of COMs in ices
during early protostellar phases, advanced the study of exoplanetary
atmospheres, and delivered remarkable imaging of our Solar System. The
timing of this symposium is particularly relevant, as by spring 2026,
JWST will have nearly completed its Cycle 4 observations across its
full suite of instruments. This gathering will celebrate the
groundbreaking scientific discoveries facilitated by JWST in recent
years. With a strong emphasis on the interdisciplinary field of
astrochemistry—including laboratory research, theoretical modeling,
and observations of the ISM, from diffuse regions to dense molecular
clouds, protostars, protoplanetary disks, and our Solar System—this
symposium aims to engage a broad audience of chemists and (planetary)
astronomers, fostering collaboration and innovation at the Atlanta
meeting.

Proposed Session Topics (not necessarily in this order):
1.      Highly irradiated environments (PDRs, high-mass star-forming regions).
2.      Molecular clouds.
3.      Protostars.
4.      Protoplanetary disk ice.
5.      Protoplanetary disk gas / pebble transport.
6.      Solar System.

Thank you!

Regards,
Daniel
______________________________
Daniel Harsono

Associate Professor
Institute of Astronomy
National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan R. O. C.
dharsono@gapp.nthu.edu.tw
______________________________

<https://www.avast.com/sig-email?utm_medium=email&utm_source=link&utm_campaign=sig-email&utm_content=webmail>
Virus-free.www.avast.com
<https://www.avast.com/sig-email?utm_medium=email&utm_source=link&utm_campaign=sig-email&utm_content=webmail>
<#DAB4FAD8-2DD7-40BB-A1B8-4E2AA1F9FDF2>