---
title: "Call for Abstracts: AOGS 2026 solar system-exoplanet session"
date: 2025-11-21T14:38:39+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues,


A session of the AOGS 2026 meeting (PS01
<https://www.asiaoceania.org/aogs2026/public.asp?page=sessions_and_conveners.asp>)
entitled "*Worlds Without End*" will be held in Fukuoka, Japan. The aim of
the session is to bridge the solar system and exoplanet sciences. Visit the
AOGS conference website
<https://www.asiaoceania.org/aogs2026/public.asp?page=home.asp> for
abstract submissions if you are interested. The deadline for
submissions is *Jan
23, 2026*. Below is the session information.



--------------------------------

Session PS01
<https://www.asiaoceania.org/aogs2026/public.asp?page=sessions_and_conveners.asp>

*Worlds Without End: Characterizing the Environments of Planets and
Satellites in the Solar System and Beyond*


Rocky planets and icy satellites across the Solar System provide critical
case studies for understanding the origins and limits of habitability. From
subsurface oceans and transient atmospheres to ancient river valleys and
volcanic worlds, these diverse environments illustrate the processes that
govern volatile evolution, climate stability, and orbital dynamics between
planets, satellites, and host stars. At the same time, the discovery of
thousands of exoplanets has expanded our view of planetary diversity,
underscoring the need to interpret distant worlds through the lens of
nearby analogs.


This session invites interdisciplinary contributions that explore the
geophysical and astrophysical conditions of planets and satellites both
within and beyond the Solar System. We welcome studies drawing on
spacecraft missions, laboratory experiments, field analogs, and theoretical
or numerical models. Topics may include volatile delivery and loss,
dynamical interactions among planets, satellites, and their hosts,
atmospheric and surface evolution, photochemistry and climate processes,
geophysical activity, planetary spectra, or any related perspective that
connects Solar System exploration with the broader context of exoplanets.
By fostering dialogue across communities, this session seeks to highlight
the shared frameworks that guide the search for habitable worlds, and the
potential for life, throughout the cosmos.


Convenors: Howard Chen (Florida Institute of Technology), Pin-Gao Gu
(ASIAA),

Betty Pei-Chun Tsai (Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research),
Shang-Min Tsai (ASIAA), Xinting Yu (University of Texas at San Antonio)