---
title: "Re: NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars [July to December 2025]"
date: 2025-09-19T07:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

We will have our monthly NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars next
Friday, 9/26, from 12pm in the 4F lecture room in the Cosmology Hall. Talk
details are appended below. You can sign up for lunch boxes here:

https://forms.gle/ABb2VD3hd2vxTYqAA

Please come and support our students.

Cheers,
Min-Kai

*1. From Simulations to Spectra: Investigating AGN Wind-Disk Interactions
and Asymmetric Galactic Outflows *

Chiung-Yin Chan (NTHU, supervisor: Karen Yang)

We use 3D special relativistic hydrodynamic (SRHD) simulations to study
AGN-driven winds in a disk galaxy. Our results reveal an early-stage (t ~
0.1 Myr) asymmetry in bubble formation, with one bubble reaching velocities
up to 2000 km/s while the other remains underdeveloped due to interactions
with the clumpy disk. This aligns with JWST observations of NGC 7469, which
show a circumnuclear starburst ring and one-sided high-velocity outflows.
To explore observational signatures, we generate mock spectra using
TRIDENT, finding that the asymmetry is detectable in the [NeV] line at
optical wavelengths, as TRIDENT produces spectra comparable to HST rather
than JWST. Phase diagrams suggest that matching observed emission requires
the disk density in our simulations to be at least an order of magnitude
lower. These findings provide insight into AGN wind-disk interactions and
offer a potential explanation for the asymmetric outflows in NGC 7469.

*2. Irradiation Bias in Dynamical Mass Determination*

Huan-Ping Chao (NCKU, supervisor: Kwan-Lok Li)

We have developed a Python tool to simulate the optical observations of
tidally locked companions in compact binary systems, based on the Roche
potential and the Göttingen spectral library. The tool generates
phase-resolved spectra from arbitrary viewing angles. With these
simulations, we investigate the impact of irradiation on the observed
center of light and assess the resulting biases in dynamical mass
measurements of the compact primary. For a system analogous to PSR
J0952−0607, our results show that irradiation shifts the center of light
inward, reducing its effective radius by about 6.3% compared to a
non-irradiated model. This bias indicates that fitting observations of
irradiated systems with non-irradiated models systematically underestimates
the mass of the compact primary.
Min-Kai Lin <mklin@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>於 2025年7月14日 週一，下午12:41寫道：

> Dear colleagues,
>
> The NCTS Astrophysics group is resuming our monthly student seminar
> series. These provide opportunities for our domestic students to share
> their work and practice giving live talks. The schedule for the rest of the
> year is appended below. Seminars begin at 12pm in the 4F lecture room in
> the Cosmology Hall on the NTU campus. Talks are open to all.
>
> Sign up links for lunch boxes will become available from the NCTS seminar
> list a week before the talks:
>
> https://phys.ncts.ntu.edu.tw/en/act/Seminars/seminars_TG2
>
> Cheers,
> Min-Kai
>
> Date  Speaker 1  Affiliation  Supervisor  Speaker 2  Affiliation
>  Supervisor
>  2025/7/24  Pon-Yin Wang  TKU  Hsi-An Pan
>  2025/8/22  Tsung-Han Chuang  NTNU  Yueh-Ning Lee
>  2025/9/26  Chiung-Yin Chang  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Huan-Ping Chao
>  NCKU  Kwan-Lok Li
>  2025/10/31  Yi-Yang Lee  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Prangsutip
> Cherdwongsung  NTHU  Ing-Guey Jiang
>  2025/11/28  Yu-Xuan Nancy Lin  NYCU  Shih-Ping Lai  Tz-En Gau  NTU  Chia-Yu
> Hu
>  2025/12/26  Szu-Ting Chen  NTHU  Shin-Ping Lai  Afif Ismail  NTNU  Hung-Yi
> Pu
>