---
title: "Substellar Astrophysics Conference 2026 (Total Solar Eclipse Included)"
date: 2025-12-18T11:15:51+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues,

The SUBSTELLAR ASTROPHYSICS 2026 international conference will be held in
the week 10-14 August near the historic town of Tordesillas, Castilla,
Spain. Please register and submit an abstract if you are interested.

Cheers,

Pin-Gao Gu

ASIAA


Conference website: https://substellarerc.github.io/conference2026/

First announcement:
https://substellarerc.github.io/conference2026/pdf/substellar_first.pdf
<https://urldefense.com/v3/__https://substellarerc.github.io/conference2026/pdf/substellar_first.pdf__;!!D9dNQwwGXtA!RX7bSP5crpaufkB9CMhaz87Pei-UwZJY_aENxl8ePxwnt06ek335_w2tsXI-CAZr52hlwzOmhCQo115Qe2izcUJ9Li3fVg$>
)

Substellar science has emerged in the last few decades as a new branch of
Astrophysics that connects Stars, Exoplanets and the Solar System. The
advent of new surveys such as Euclid and Rubin LSST is poised to increase
the numbers of known substellar objects by more than an order of magnitude,
while the James Webb Telescope is providing new details about their
properties. Rapid advances in observational capabilities have spurred the
development of a new generation of theoretical models, now reaching
unprecedented levels of accuracy and physical completeness.

This meeting will bring together researchers interested in Substellar
science with special emphasis on exploiting the wealth of data provided by
Euclid and complementing it with other surveys and follow-up observations.

A total eclipse of the Sun will take place during the conference (August
12, 2026).

The proceedings of the conference will be formally published as part of the
conference series of Astronomische Nachrichten.
Program highlightsKey themes include:

   - Detection methods (Searching methods, astrometry, photometry,
   spectroscopy)
   - Confirmation of UCD candidates
   - Atmospheric properties of UCD's
   - UCD in connection with Milky Way
   - Multiplicity, planetary systems, disks
   - Substellar luminosity and mass functions
   - Connection with exoplanets
   - Synergies of Euclid and other surveys
   - Big data, machine learning for substellar science
   - Prospects for Exolife in Substellar Worlds
   - Theory of UCD's (atmospheric and evolutionary models, microphysics)
   - Substellar challenge!

Important dates

   - Open for preregistration and abstract submission: *December 10, 2025*
   - Close for preregistration and abstract submission: *February 15, 2026*
   - Notification of acceptance, open for registration: *March 1, 2026*
   - Deadline for early registration: *April 11, 2026*
   - Deadline for late registration: *June 1, 2026*
   - Conference dates: *August 10 - 14, 2026*