---
title: "The 1st Japan-Taiwan Joint Seminar on Single-Dish mm/Submm Telescope Studies"
date: 2025-07-08T17:14:25+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all, 

We, the organizers of the Japan-Taiwan Joint Seminar on Single-Dish mm/Submm 
Telescope Studies, are pleased to announce the first online seminar. This first joint seminar 
is part of the monthly Large Submillimeter Telescope (LST) Seminar series in Japan, 
which began in November 2021. 

The seminar aims to foster discussion on various research directions for current and 
future single-dish telescopes and to strengthen collaboration among researchers in the field.
As a reminder, the next seminar will be held this Thursday, July 10th. We are pleased 
to share the presentation title from our speaker, Yao-Lun Yang (RIKEN), and the Zoom 
access information below. Please feel free to forward this email to anyone who might 
be interested.

___________________________________________________________

 The 1st Japan-Taiwan Joint Seminar on Single-Dish mm/Submm 
             Telescope Studies (The 25th LST Seminar)

　　                    2025 July 10th, Thursday 
            Taiwan 15:30 — 17:00 = JST 16:30-18:00

                       Dr. Yao-Lun Yang (RIKEN, Japan)
  “PRIMA: Future of Far-Infrared Astronomy for Star Formation”
____________________________________________________________________

Understanding the origin of solar-type planetary systems remains one of 
the fundamental questions in astronomy. These systems form within dense, 
dusty clouds, where high extinction presents a significant challenge for 
direct observational studies of the physical and chemical processes 
at the onset of star and planet formation.  Over the past decades, 
most studies have relied on submillimeter and millimeter interferometric observations
--- primarily using ALMA --- to probe the cold dust and gas (~10–100 K), 
helping to constrain the structures and chemistry of planet-forming disks. 
More recently, the JWST has enabled unprecedented sensitivity at mid-infrared wavelengths, 
allowing us to characterize hot gas and dust (>1000 K). However, the bulk of 
the energy emitted by protostars and protoplanetary disks lies in the far-infrared regime 
(100–1000 K) --- a spectral window that was once accessible through missions such as 
ISO, AKARI, SOFIA, and Herschel, but is no longer covered by current observatories. 
The PRobe far-Infrared Mission for Astrophysics (PRIMA) is a proposed mission designed 
to uniquely fill this observational gap. 

PRIMA aims to probe the dominant components of gas and dust in star-forming regions, 
with a particular focus on protostellar and protoplanetary systems. In this talk, 
I will introduce the PRIMA mission concept and the efforts currently led by the 
Japanese astronomical community. I will also present several key science cases 
in star formation that PRIMA’s 24–235 μm imaging and spectroscopic capabilities 
can uniquely address. Additionally, I will highlight the synergy between PRIMA and the LST. 
Finally, I will share opportunities for researchers to get involved in the PRIMA project 
and contribute to its scientific goals.

* Zoom Link
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86216241378?pwd=fQ1eMhhQVofVS0OKQ1W8DdysmNUiZl.1

Organizers
Chian-Chou CHEN (ASIAA, Taiwan), 
Ray S. FURUYA (Tokushima U., Japan), and
Nagayoshi OHASHI (ASIAA, Taiwan)

—

Dr. CHEN, Chian-Chou (TC) | 陳建州
    [chen jian jhou] listen <https://www.name-coach.com/chian-chou-chen> 

Associate Research Fellow 
Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA)
11F of AS/NTU Astronomy-Mathematics Building, No. 1, 
Sec. 4, Roosevelt Rd., Taipei 106319, Taiwan
Office: ASMAB 1320
Tel: +886(0)-2-2366-5447
URL: https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/people/cv.php?i=ccchen