---
title: "Re: NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars [July to December 2025]"
date: 2025-08-18T08:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues and students,

We will have two NCTS student seminars this week on *Friday, August 22*.
The talks will take place in Cosmology Hall at 12:00 p.m. on the 4th
floor.  You can sign up for lunch boxes here:

https://forms.gle/8MXzPRfRN2qey7eb8

Cheers,
Min-Kai

*1. Model the streamer Structure in Collapsing Prestellar Cores.*

Tsung-Han Chuang (NTNU)

Streamers have been observed with high-resolution ALMA observations around
many protoplanetary disks undergoing formation. They have been suggested to
dominate the mass accretion budget from the collapsing prestellar core, and
have important consequences on the disk dynamics. Understanding the
formation of streamers is therefore important for explaining how
protoplanetary disks receive mass from the envelope. We propose a model to
explain the formation of streamer structures by considering density
enhancements due to gravitational instability. We test our model against
sources where streamers have been detected (ex. Per-emb-2 and Per-emb-50
observed with NOEMA) and fit for model parameters. This allows us to gain
deeper insights into the physical origin of streamers and their role in
mass transport from the core to the disk. This model can be applied to
analyze new observations as well as archival data that show signs of
streamers.

*2. A Rotation Dip in the Envelope-Disk Transition Region: Evidence of
Magnetic Braking*

*Jyun-Heng Lin (NTHU/ASIAA)*

The envelope-disk transition region in protostellar system is key to
understanding how angular momentum is removed  during star formation.
Magnetic braking, predicted to operate in this region, can remove angular
momentum and regulate disk growth, but direct observational evidence
remains limited. Using ALMA C18O (J = 2–1) data of the HH 111 VLA1 system,
we analyzed gas kinematics within 6000 au of the protostar. We find clear
deviations from simple free-fall with conserved angular momentum across the
transition region (~5200–160 au), which can be divided into three zones:
(1) an outer region with reduced infall velocity, likely due to magnetic
tension from pinched field lines; (2) a middle region showing a sharp drop
in rotation velocity and angular momentum, consistent with strong magnetic
braking; and (3) an inner region where rotation rises toward Keplerian
velocity and infall ceases, likely due to weaker braking from ambipolar
diffusion. The resulting dip in the rotation profile provides observational
evidence for magnetic braking.