---
title: "CARTA showcase workshop"
date: 2025-06-27T20:06:46+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all, 

We will host a CARTA showcase workshop <https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20250805/> on August 5, 2025, 
at ASIAA, both in-person and online. 

CARTA (Cube Analysis and Rendering Tool for Astronomy) has been 
steadily evolving into a science-ready platform for large-scale image data 
over the past few years. It now offers a comprehensive suite of tools tailored 
to a wide range of scientific applications, including image rendering, 
matching and comparison, spatial and spectral profiling, spectral line analysis, 
polarization visualization and analysis, and catalog-based exploration, 
among others.

With the latest v5.0 release, CARTA introduces powerful new features, 
including multi-color blending and channel maps. Designed to be intuitive 
and easy to learn, the most effective way to become proficient with CARTA 
is by engaging with real-world use cases shared by the community. 
This workshop provides an opportunity for the community to come together 
and share their experiences, insights, and workflows with CARTA, 
fostering collaborative learning and future development.

We invite users to share their CARTA use cases with the community 
and provide feedback to the development team. If you’re interested 
in presenting, please indicate your willingness in the registration form.

Program
10:00 ~ 12:00 User experience sharing
12:00 ~ 13:00 Lunch break
13:00 ~ 14:00 Developer presentation (live demo)
14:00 ~ 14:30 Q&A

Registration: Google Form <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf0YTB5BP3eUW11-9ccRnJ4JBBtZkacS9Slh5gagRF37HGiCQ/viewform?usp=dialog> 

Sincerely,
Kuan-Chou Hou (ASIAA)
Tien-Hao Hsieh (TARA)