---
title: "Fwd: Assistant Professor position in Astrophysics at MCNS, MAHE, Manipal, India"
date: 2025-11-24T19:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Kazuyuki Furuuchi [MAHE-MCNS] <kazuyuki.furuuchi@manipal.edu>
Date: 2025年11月19日(水) 16:53
Subject: Assistant Professor position in Astrophysics at MCNS, MAHE,
Manipal, India
To: Keiichi Umetsu <keiichi@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>


Dear Umetsu-san,

Our centre is calling for applications to an Assistant Professor position
in Astrophysics, as in the attached announcement.
The announcement can also be found at the following website:

https://www.manipal.edu/mu/important-links/careers-mu/jobs-at-mahe-current-vacancies-/faculty-positions.html

-> Faculty Positions -> Faculty of Technology & Science -> Manipal Centre
for Natural Sciences (MCNS), Manipal.

We will appreciate it if you could circulate the announcement to those who
might be interested.

With best regards,

Kazuyuki Furuuchi

Associate Professor
Manipal Centre for Natural Sciences
*Centre of Excellence*
Manipal Academy of Higher Education
Dr T. M. A. Pai Planetarium Building
Manipal 576104, Karnataka
Phone: +91 820 29 23639
E-mail: kazuyuki.furuuchi@manipal.edu
Website:
https://www.manipal.edu/mcns-manipal/department-faculty/faculty-list/kazuyuki-furuuchi.html

*Manipal Centre for Natural Sciences is a Centre of Excellence at Manipal
Academy of Higher Education dedicated to the pursuit of fundamental
research.*


------------------------------

*Disclaimer: *This email and any files transmitted with it are privileged
and confidential material of Manipal Academy of Higher Education (MAHE).
They are intended to named recipient(s) only. If you are not the intended
recipient of this message, please contact the sender and delete the
message. This Email message including attachment(s), if any, is believed to
be free of any virus. However, it is the responsibility of the recipient to
ensure that it is virus-free, and MAHE accepts no liability for any loss or
damage arising in any way from its use. Please consider the environment
before printing this email.