---
title: "Fwd: NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars [July to December 2025]"
date: 2025-10-24T08:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

We will have our monthly NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars next
Friday, 10/31, from 12pm in the 4F lecture room in the Cosmology Hall. Talk
details are appended below. You can sign up for lunch boxes here:

https://forms.gle/MafsWr3PMpsYSZDs5

Please come and support our students.

Cheers,
Min-Kai



*1. “Brick” or “Mist”? Investigating Gas Dynamics in Cool-core Galaxy
ClustersYi-Yang Lee (NTHU, supervisor: Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang)*
Intracluster medium (ICM, or hot gas) with strong X-ray emissions and cold
gas (T~10^4K) nebular gas with optical emissions interact with each other
at the central regions of some cool-core galaxy clusters; this interaction
plays a crucial role in the cluster evolution. We aim at comparing the gas
kinematic between the observations of cool-core clusters and our
simulations in order to interpret the dynamical properties of cold and hot
gas in clusters. Hydrodynamic simulations with two different scenarios of
cold gas properties, modeled as “Brick” or “Mist”, are performed to trace
their kinematics. By calculating the cold gas time-averaged line-of-sight
velocity, velocity dispersion and comparing observed values, we found the
observations do not have a clear preference on Brick-like or Mist-like cold
gas. On the other hand, recent XRISM observations of the hot gas prefer the
predicted values from the Brick simulation, indicating the cold gas is
likely to be dense, clumpy gas rather than misty, tiny cloudlets that
passively floating within the cluster.

*2. Transit Timing Constraints on the Maximum Exomoon Mass*
*Prangsutip Cherdwongsung (NTHU, supervisor: Ing-Guey Jiang)*

The search for exomoons, moons orbiting exoplanets, is one of the most
exciting challenges. This study investigates the use of transit timing
variations (TTV) and transit duration variations (TDV) as indirect methods
to detect potential exomoons. By analyzing periodic shifts in transit
mid-times and durations from the synthetic light curves that include
TESS-like noise, we aim to identify the dynamical signatures that indicate
the gravitational influence of an orbiting moon. Our current focus is the
WASP-31b system, which exhibits unusually strong sodium (Na I) and
potassium (K I) absorption features that may originate from volcanic
activity on unseen exomoons, as proposed by Oza et al. (2019). We estimate
the maximum exomoon mass that can remain dynamically stable within this
system. These results help assess the plausibility of exomoons around hot
Jupiters and guide future observations to confirm their presence.


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Min-Kai Lin <mklin@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Date: Mon, Jul 14, 2025 at 11:41 AM
Subject: NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars [July to December 2025]
To: riaa <riaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>, <ncts-tca-all@googlegroups.com>, <
tan@asroc.org.tw>


Dear colleagues,

The NCTS Astrophysics group is resuming our monthly student seminar series.
These provide opportunities for our domestic students to share their work
and practice giving live talks. The schedule for the rest of the year is
appended below. Seminars begin at 12pm in the 4F lecture room in the
Cosmology Hall on the NTU campus. Talks are open to all.

Sign up links for lunch boxes will become available from the NCTS seminar
list a week before the talks:

https://phys.ncts.ntu.edu.tw/en/act/Seminars/seminars_TG2

Cheers,
Min-Kai

Date  Speaker 1  Affiliation  Supervisor  Speaker 2  Affiliation  Supervisor
 2025/7/24  Pon-Yin Wang  TKU  Hsi-An Pan
 2025/8/22  Tsung-Han Chuang  NTNU  Yueh-Ning Lee
 2025/9/26  Chiung-Yin Chang  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Huan-Ping Chao
 NCKU  Kwan-Lok Li
 2025/10/31  Yi-Yang Lee  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Prangsutip
Cherdwongsung  NTHU  Ing-Guey Jiang
 2025/11/28  Yu-Xuan Nancy Lin  NYCU  Shih-Ping Lai  Tz-En Gau  NTU  Chia-Yu
Hu
 2025/12/26  Szu-Ting Chen  NTHU  Shin-Ping Lai  Afif Ismail  NTNU  Hung-Yi
Pu