---
title: "Re: NCTS Astrophysics Student Lunch Seminars [July to December 2025]"
date: 2025-07-17T16:27:39+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

We will have an NCTS student seminar next Thursday, July 24. The student,
from TKU, is supervised by Hsi-An Pan, an ASIAA alumnus. The talk will take
place in Cosmology Hall at 12:00 p.m. on the 4th floor.

Details below. You can also sign up for lunch boxes here:

https://forms.gle/41juY8MZyL2eWX2i7

Cheers,
Min-Kai


*Tracing Gas and Star formation in Galaxy Mergers with ALMA and
MaNGAPon-Yin Wang (TKU)*

Galaxy interactions play a crucial role in the evolution of galaxies in the
local universe, often triggering enhanced star formation. Simulations
consistently suggest that such interactions significantly reshape the
distribution of molecular gas within galactic disks, thereby altering the
spatial distribution of star formation. In this study, we aim to
observationally investigate the distribution of gas and star formation
across different merger stages and assess the extent to which these
observations align with simulation predictions. Here we analyze a sample of
15 galaxies—including galaxy pairs and post-mergers—with stellar masses
log(M*) ≥ 10 [M⊙] and redshifts in the range 0.02 < z < 0.1, using data
from ALMA and SDSS-MaNGA. We also construct radial profiles of gas
fraction, star formation rate(SFR), and star formation efficiency(SFE),
extending from the galactic center to 1.5 effective radii(Re). Our results
indicate that the gas fraction is the primary driver of elevated SFR in
close pair systems. Nevertheless, all merger stages exhibit an inconsistent
relationship between SFR and gas mass, suggesting the presence of a common
regulatory mechanism governing star formation during galaxy interactions.






On Mon, Jul 14, 2025 at 11:41 AM Min-Kai Lin <mklin@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
wrote:

> Dear colleagues,
>
> The NCTS Astrophysics group is resuming our monthly student seminar
> series. These provide opportunities for our domestic students to share
> their work and practice giving live talks. The schedule for the rest of the
> year is appended below. Seminars begin at 12pm in the 4F lecture room in
> the Cosmology Hall on the NTU campus. Talks are open to all.
>
> Sign up links for lunch boxes will become available from the NCTS seminar
> list a week before the talks:
>
> https://phys.ncts.ntu.edu.tw/en/act/Seminars/seminars_TG2
>
> Cheers,
> Min-Kai
>
> Date  Speaker 1  Affiliation  Supervisor  Speaker 2  Affiliation
>  Supervisor
>  2025/7/24  Pon-Yin Wang  TKU  Hsi-An Pan
>  2025/8/22  Tsung-Han Chuang  NTNU  Yueh-Ning Lee
>  2025/9/26  Chiung-Yin Chang  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Huan-Ping Chao
>  NCKU  Kwan-Lok Li
>  2025/10/31  Yi-Yang Lee  NTHU  Hsiang-Yi Karen Yang  Prangsutip
> Cherdwongsung  NTHU  Ing-Guey Jiang
>  2025/11/28  Yu-Xuan Nancy Lin  NYCU  Shih-Ping Lai  Tz-En Gau  NTU  Chia-Yu
> Hu
>  2025/12/26  Szu-Ting Chen  NTHU  Shin-Ping Lai  Afif Ismail  NTNU  Hung-Yi
> Pu
>