---
title: "Fwd: Submillimeter Array Call for Standard Observing Proposals - 2025B Semester"
date: 2025-09-16T10:02:16+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

This is a friendly reminder that the proposal deadline for SMA is 4
Oct 2025 4AM (Taipei time), in 2.5 weeks
(http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/call.html). Please also note that SMA will
be in the compact configuration for the entire 2025B semester.

Best,
Hsi-Wei


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Mark Gurwell <mgurwell@cfa.harvard.edu>
Date: Thu, Aug 28, 2025 at 8:28 AM
Subject: Submillimeter Array Call for Standard Observing Proposals -
2025B Semester
To: sma-propose <sma-propose@cfa.harvard.edu>


Dear colleagues,

We are happy to announce the latest Call for Standard Observing
Proposals for observations with the Submillimeter Array (SMA) during
the 2025B semester, with observing period 16 Nov 2025 – 15 May 2026.

The deadline for proposals for the 2025B semester is:

3 Oct 2025 4PM Cambridge (EDT) = 3 Oct 2025 8PM GMT = 4 Oct 2025 4AM Taipei

The full Call for Proposals, with details on time available and the
proposal process, will be available by September 3 at the SMA Observer
Center (SMAOC) at http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/call.html.

We wish to highlight important information which will impact the
coming semester, related to our continuing system upgrades and
infrastructure improvements. For 2025B, there will be some modest
limitations on tuning configurations as we continue to deploy new wSMA
receiver and cryostat systems. In addition, we plan to be in our
compact (COM) configuration for the entire semester, providing
resolution around 3" at 1.3mm and 2" at 870 micron wavelengths.

Details on the SMA capabilities and status can be found at
http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/status.html; proposal creation and
submission is also done through the SMAOC at
http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/proposing.html. We are happy to answer
questions and provide assistance in proposal submission, simply email
sma-propose@cfa.harvard.edu with any inquiries.

Sincerely,

Mark Gurwell, SAO Chair, SMA TAC
Sheng-Yuan Liu, ASIAA Chair, SMA TAC

--
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
Groups "sma-taiwan@cfa.harvard.edu" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to sma-taiwan+unsubscribe@cfa.harvard.edu.
To view this discussion visit
https://groups.google.com/a/cfa.harvard.edu/d/msgid/sma-taiwan/CALCpj1fjOOYZ2momdznnFQYDEFsVzmDoX_ryAepO7mz%3DDwqYig%40mail.gmail.com.