---
title: "International conference entitled \"Missing Links in Planet Formation: From Embedded Disks to Planets\""
date: 2026-01-21T15:24:01+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues,

We are pleased announce that we are organizing an international conference
entitled
*"Missing Links in Planet Formation: From Embedded Disks to Planets"*,
which will be held at *Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and
Astrophysics (ASIAA)* in Taipei, Taiwan from *November 9 to 13, 2026.*
(https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20261109/)
We expect approximately 100 participants to attend the conference.
Please mark your calendar if you are interested in attending the conference,

Disks around Class 0/I protostars represent the earliest stages of disk
assembly, during which mass and angular momentum are still actively
exchanged with the surrounding envelopes. These young disks are crucial for
understanding how stars and planets form, as they set the initial
conditions for subsequent disk evolution and potential early planet
formation. Recent observations have revealed a wide diversity in physical
and chemical properties of these embedded disks, including substructures
and signs of dust evolution, some of which differ significantly from those
seen in more evolved Class II disks. These findings suggest that key
processes such as grain growth and planet formation may begin much earlier
than previously thought. Establishing the link between these embedded disks
and the more evolved Class II stage is therefore essential for building a
continuous picture of disk evolution and the emergence of planetary
systems. By bringing together new observations, theoretical models, and
simulations, this conference aims to explore the physical and chemical
processes that shape disks from their youngest phases onward.

Key topics of the conference include:

   - Disk formation and early evolution
   - Dust properties and growth
   - Disk physical structures and substructures
   - Early planetesimal and planet formation
   - Magnetic fields and angular momentum transport
   - Accretion mechanisms and episodic accretion
   - Disk chemistry from embedded to evolved stages

SOC

   - Anders Johansen (Globe Institute, University of Copenhagen / Lund
   University)
   - Jes Jørgensen (Niels Bohr Institute, Denmark)
   - Akimasa Kataoka (NAOJ, Japan)
   - Nagayoshi Ohashi (ASIAA, Taiwan)
   - John Tobin (NRAO, USA)
   - Yusuke Tsukamoto (Kagoshima University, Japan)
   - Coco Zhang (University of Wisconsin–Madison, USA)

LOC

   - Cindy Chiu (ASIAA)
   - Grace Huang (ASIAA)
   - Shirley Huang (ASIAA)
   - Patrick Koch (ASIAA)
   - Tina Lin (ASIAA)
   - Nagayoshi Ohashi (ASIAA)
   - Hsi-Wei Yen (Chair: ASIAA)

More details including the information on the registration will be
announced in the 2nd circular. We look forward to seeing you at the
conference.