---
title: "Bright Stars, Small Island: Theoretical Astrophysics in Taiwan [March 5-6, 2026]"
date: 2026-02-11T08:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues, speakers (see below),

We are pleased to announce the two-day workshop

Bright Stars, S
<https://phys.ncts.ntu.edu.tw/act/actnews/Bright-Stars-Small-Island-Theoretical-Astrophysics-in-Taiwan-%E5%AF%B6%E5%B3%B6%E6%98%9F%E8%BE%B0-%E8%87%BA%E7%81%A3%E7%90%86%E8%AB%96%E5%A4%A9%E6%96%87-19071764/home>mall
Island: Theoretical Astrophysics in Taiwan
<https://phys.ncts.ntu.edu.tw/act/actnews/Bright-Stars-Small-Island-Theoretical-Astrophysics-in-Taiwan-%E5%AF%B6%E5%B3%B6%E6%98%9F%E8%BE%B0-%E8%87%BA%E7%81%A3%E7%90%86%E8%AB%96%E5%A4%A9%E6%96%87-19071764/home>

to be held at NCTS/NTU from *March 5-6, 2026*, organized by the Theoretical
and Computational Astrophysics Thematic Group at NCTS. We have put together
a number of speakers to make this a convenient, one-stop opportunity for
you to see the latest developments in domestic theoretical astrophysics
research and to facilitate interactions.

All talks are open, but we ask you to register via the above meeting page
for logistical purposes. The deadline is February 26, 2026.

*Support*
Travel support can be provided for students/assistants/postdocs from
outside of Taipei City. For those traveling from >60km of NTU, lodging up
to two nights can also be supported.

*Speaker list*
Aktar, Ramiz (ASIAA)
Camacho, Vianey (NTNU)
Chen, Ken (ASIAA)
Dinnbier, Frantisek (NCTS / NTU)
Giataganas, Dimitrios (NSYSU, TBC)
Hernandez, David M. (NTNU)
Hu, Chia-Yu (NTU)
Jiang, Ing-Guey (NTHU)
Lau, Cheryl (NCTS / NTU)
Lee, Yueh-Ning (NTNU)
Lin, Min-Kai (ASIAA)
Palit, Ishika (NTHU)
Pu, Hung-Yi (NTNU)
Schive, Hsi-Yu (NTU)
Tseng, Wendy (NTNU)
Yang, Hsiang-Yi Karen (NTHU)

Dear speakers,

Please register and send me a talk title before February 26, 2026. No
abstract needed. Note that NCTS can support your travel and lodging.

Thank you and happy CNY!
Min-Kai