---
title: "Fwd: GaSSE2026: 1st Circular -- online registration open"
date: 2026-01-07T15:53:18+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

Please find below the first circular of the GaSSE 2026 workshop on Geospace
and Solar System Exploration. Deadline for abstract submission is Feb.
28th.

Best regards,
Yueh-Ning


---------- Forwarded message ---------
Date: mer. 7 janv. 2026 à 00:47
Subject: GaSSE2026: 1st Circular -- online registration open

Dear Colleagues in Astronomy and Space Science,

I am pleased to inform you that the registration for the GaSSE2026 workshop
on Geospace and Solar System Exploration is now open.
     (https://www.cag.ntnu.edu.tw/index.php/en/events/GaSSE2026/)

This will be the second GaSSE workshop hosted by the Center of Astronomy
and Gravitation (CAG) of the National Taiwan Normal University.  Last year,
we had the GaSSE2025 workshop, focusing on space mission concepts, design,
development, and deployment, with a highlight on NASA’s deep-space mission,
Europa Clipper, and the inner Solar-System sample-return mission,
OSIRIS-REx. The workshop was so well received that people would like us
continue it.

For GaSSE2026 this year, we will focus on Earth-orbital and lunar missions,
with emphasis on SAR and CubeSats. In addition to space missions, related
topics in astronomy, space science, and space-based astronomy are also very
welcome. The highlight will be NASA's and ESA’s deep-space missions, JUNO
and JUICE, respectively, as well as ESA’s inner Solar-System mission, Comet
Interceptor.

GaSSE2026 will be held from April 14 to 17 this year on the Gongguan campus
of NTNU in Taipei, Taiwan. Details of the workshop are in the attached PDF
file. The event is aimed at research scientists, engineers, and academic
faculty. Early-career scientists and graduate students are also eligible to
enroll. We sincerely invite you to participate in the planned workshop and
either give a talk or present a poster at the meeting. See you all.

HAPPY NEW YEAR!

Regards,
Yi-Jehng Kuan

=================================================
管一政
國立台灣師範大學
地球科學系教授
天文與重力中心主任

Prof. Yi-Jehng Kuan
Department of Earth Sciences
Director, Center of Astronomy and Gravitation
National Taiwan Normal University
Taipei 11677, Taiwan, ROC
=================================================


-- 
Yueh-Ning Lee
Associate Professor, Department of Earth Sciences, National Taiwan Normal
University <https://www.es.ntnu.edu.tw/index.php/en/index_en/>
Deputy Director, Center of Astronomy and Gravitation
<https://www.cag.ntnu.edu.tw/index.php/en/main/>
Tel: +886-2-7749-6417
李悅寧
國立台灣師範大學 地球科學系 副教授
天文與重力中心 副主任