---
title: "Fwd: Postdoc in algorithms for gravitational dynamics"
date: 2026-02-02T11:07:09+08:00
draft: false
---

FYI

---------- 轉寄的郵件 ---------
寄件者： d.hernandez.email@gmail.com <d.hernandez.email@gmail.com>
日期：2026年2月2日 週一，上午11:05
主旨：Postdoc in algorithms for gravitational dynamics
收件者：ncts-tca-all <ncts-tca-all@googlegroups.com>


Dear All,

Please see below for an for a postdoc in gravitational dynamics at NTNU.
Please circulate if you know anyone interested.

David Hernandez

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

Title: Postdoc in algorithms for gravitational dynamics

Description:
The Department of Physics at National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU)
Gongguan Campus invites applications for a postdoctoral position in
gravitational dynamics and numerical methods working with Prof. David M.
Hernandez.  The position is for two years, with a third and fourth year
available depending on performance.  The starting time is as soon as
possible.

In addition to potential collaboration with faculty and students at NTNU,
the successful candidate will also be able to join NTNU's Center for
Astronomy and Gravity.  Academic Sinica and the National Taiwan University
physics department are also walking distance away.

Responsibilities:
The successful candidate will work with David Hernandez on projects in
numerical methods for gravitational equations, solar system dynamics, and
related research.  The candidate will explore numerical solutions of
ordinary differential equations and will be expected to write papers and
develop code.

Compensation:
Minimum 65800 NTD/month; higher compensation available depending on
qualifications.

Qualifications:
1. A PhD in physics, math, computer science, or similar is required
2. Expert familiarity with at least one coding language
3. Solid mathematical background, including ordinary differential equations
(ODEs)
4. Some knowledge of numerical methods for ODEs
5. Knowledge of techniques in symbolic regression is a bonus

Application details:
1. As a single PDF, please send a CV (including publication list) and
statement of research interests (2 pages maximum), and one or two
representative publications, relevant to the job ad,  to
postdocntnu2026@gmail.com.  Reference letters may also be requested.
2.  Application deadline: March 1, 2026
3. For inquiries, please contact David Hernandez, dmhernandez@ntnu.edu.tw

-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"ncts-tca-all" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to ncts-tca-all+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.
To view this discussion visit
https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/ncts-tca-all/17c7b99b-f12e-41f1-83fa-7b4e7e7f9f5bn%40googlegroups.com
<https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/ncts-tca-all/17c7b99b-f12e-41f1-83fa-7b4e7e7f9f5bn%40googlegroups.com?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
.
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.