---
title: "[1st Announcement] ASROC 2026 Annual Meeting"
date: 2026-02-10T00:26:02+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

The 2026 Scientific Assembly of the Astronomical Society of the Republic of
China (ASROC2026) will be held at the College of Hakka Studies at National
Yang Ming Chiao Tung University in Zhubei on May 15 (Friday) – May 17
(Sunday), 2026.

This year, the plenary talks will be given by Prof. Hisashi Hayakawa
(Nagoya University), and the talk’s title is “Investigations for Historical
Archival Records and Reconstructions of Centennial Solar Activity”. A
second invited speaker for the assembly will be confirmed and announced in
the coming weeks.

A competition for the best oral and poster awards for students will be held
during the meeting. The best student oral presentation will be awarded with
NTD 10,000 prize, and the three best student posters will be awarded with
NTD 5,000 prize. The three best poster winners need to give a 3-minute oral
presentation at the general assembly meeting.

The registration and abstract submission are now open. The deadline for
abstract submission is April 3rd, and for online registration is April 26.
Participants of the scientific assembly should submit their abstracts and
register online. A registration fee of NTD 2,500 (NTD 1500 for students)
should be paid on site or via bank remittance.

Please visit the ASROC website at
https://indico.phys.nthu.edu.tw/e/asroc2026 for the latest updates.

Program Committee
Kong, Albert (NTHU; Chair)
Wang, Shiang-Yu (ASIAA)
Lee, Chin-Fei (ASIAA)
Chin, Yi-Nan (TKU)
Tseng, Wei-Ling (NTNU)
Pan, Yen-Chen (NCU)
Lai, Shih-Ping (NTHU)
Kuo, Cheng-Yu (NSYSU)

Local Organizing Committee
Kong, Albert (NTHU)
Sut-Leng Tam (NYCU)
Pan, Kuo-Chuan (NTHU)
Kao, Phoebe (NTHU)