---
title: "3rd circular of the AGN conference \"SMBH growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS\" @ ASIAA [March 17-19, 2026]"
date: 2026-01-28T09:13:21+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

The SOC has released a third circular for the PFS/HSC-AGN conference
at ASIAA in March 2026. The deadline to register without an oral or
poster presentation is January 31. (We have already stopped accepting
papers/posters and hotel arrangement requests.) The conference will be
hybrid, allowing for both in-person and remote participation. However,
we encourage in-person attendance.

As explained in the "Scientific Rationale" on the front page of the
web, this conference will cover a wide range of AGN-related
extragalactic studies. While the main focus will be on the Subaru PFS
and HSC studies, we welcome researchers working on non-Subaru
(including ongoing and future missions/projects), multi-wavelength,
and theoretical studies. We encourage many of you to join the
conference.

Regards,
 Youichi Ohyama (ASIAA, LOC chair)

---

=========================
3rd circular of the AGN conference "SMBH growth viewed with large
field surveys: special focus on the initial results from Subaru PFS"
March 17 - 19, 2026
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica (ASIAA), Taipei, Taiwan
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/index.php
=========================

We are pleased to inform you that an AGN international conference
entitled "SMBH growth viewed with large field surveys: special focus
on the initial results from Subaru PFS" will be held at ASIAA (Taipei,
Taiwan) on March 17-19, 2026. We assume a hybrid style (face-to-face
and online through Google Meet).

The program is now open:
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/program.php
(Poster presentation:
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260317/posters.php )

The deadline for registration without oral/poster presentations is **
January 31 **.

We look forward to this conference being an excellent opportunity to
share and discuss the latest research findings from Subaru PFS. We
welcome presentations and ideas not only on AGN research using
PFS/HSC, but also on galaxy/AGN science based on wide-field
imaging/spectroscopic observations using instruments such as DESI,
Euclid, Rubin/LSST, and Roman.

Best regards,
Yoshiki Toba
on behalf of the SOC