---
title: "Fwd: 2026 Asia-Pacific Regional IAU Meeting (APRIM2026) Hong Kong 4-8 May"
date: 2026-01-21T16:43:21+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues,

I was asked to circulate the following announcement.
While the original deadline for the abstract submission has passed,
the organisers actually extended the deadline until February 25th, 2026,
so you could still submit your abstract.

cheers,
Nagayoshi

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: APRIM2026 Organising Committees <iau-announcements@iau.ccsend.com>
Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2025 at 00:16
Subject: 2026 Asia-Pacific Regional IAU Meeting (APRIM2026) Hong Kong 4-8
May
To: <ohashi@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>


Latest News From the IAU

﻿2026 ASIA-PACIFIC REGIONAL IAU MEETING (APRIM 2026)

APRIM2026 Organising Committee

2026 Asia-Pacific Regional IAU Meeting (APRIM2026) Hong Kong 4-8 May


Advancing global frontier research and cross-regional collaboration in
astronomy, astrophysics, and space science


Dates: 4-8 May 2026

Venue: Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC)

Registration: https://aprim2026.org/registration/
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xZdm_Giee-8YBsGqwD20F1Irm-1EBb271RHPnV-_zQf7D3-XUlnEHxzkb4NVHLxixglxO9Ml5S5Bmw2z1qkNOsUNv-ZICCkX4l6UK3-LtyQH_CTCqzWff4Q=&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>



APRIM is held every three years and is among the most important meetings
held by the IAU. Since its inaugural session in New Zealand in 1978, it has
been hosted in countries including Japan, China, and India. The conference
serves as a vital platform for advancing astronomical research and
fostering international collaboration across the Asia-Pacific.


APRIM2026 is expected to attract 500–1,000 participants from around the
world, including astronomers, space scientists, engineers, educators, and
policy makers. The programme will feature cutting-edge research and
frontier topics such as gravitational waves, exoplanets, galaxy evolution,
radio astronomy, public outreach, and space sustainability – reflecting
both global priorities and regional strengths.


Conference Highlights



   - Global Recognition: Organised under the IAU, APRIM2026 is arguably the
   largest astronomy conference in the Asia-Pacific.
   - Distinguished Plenary Speakers: Plenary sessions will feature
   laureates of the Nobel, Shaw and Gruber prizes, and other eminent speakers,
   covering transformative discoveries across multiple disciplines.
   - Strong Scientific Programme: Nine thematic tracks will be presented,
   including a new session on space sustainability, building on the outcomes
   of the IAA Space Debris and Sustainability Conference
   <https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xZdm_Giee-8YlpeQqFP122fw_ZcF7nhMSYGqr19YZsM0L43l1l4sH_uB9PXeJYzcSZprdUyOoSo99pFBNGAKtZcQ35fXQAqw2Q==&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>
   held at the University of Hong Kong (HKU) in December 2024.
   - Forum to Establish Regional Collaboration: APRIM will offer excellent
   opportunities for delegates to forge partnerships with institutions across
   the Asia-Pacific and to promote scientific exchange and interdisciplinary
   cooperation.


APRIM2026 welcomes participation from a broad spectrum of communities:



   - Scientists and Researchers: Share research findings and build
   collaborations.
   - Educators and Outreach Professionals: Advance public engagement and
   STEM education.
   - Students and Early-Career Scholars: Connect with leading experts and
   explore academic pathways.
   - Engineers and Technical Experts: Discover innovations at the
   intersection of science and technology.
   - Policy Makers and Institutional Representatives: Join critical
   discussions on space sustainability and science policy.


The conference exhibition space will also be made accessible to the public,
inviting industry representatives, and astronomy enthusiasts to explore
interactive displays and the latest advancements in space technology.


Plenary Speakers (in alphabetical order):


We are honoured to announce the following distinguished plenary speakers
for APRIM2026:



   - Prof. Matthew Bailes (Shaw Prize Laureate in Astronomy 2023,
   Swinburne, Australia); Contribution: Discovery of fast radio bursts
   - Prof. Tamara Davis (Professor, University of Queensland, Australia)
   - Prof. Yang Gao (Director of Centre for AI Robotics in Space
   Sustainability, Co-director of Space Science and Technology Institute, Hong
   Kong University of Science and Technology)
   - Prof. Reinhard Genzel (Shaw Prize Laureate in Astronomy, 2008, Nobel
   Laureate, 2020, MPI Germany); Contribution: Discovery of the
   supermassive black hole at the centre of our Milky Way
   - Prof. Luis C. Ho (Director, Kavli Institute, Peking University, China);
   Contribution: Observational astronomy
   - Prof. Hyesung Kang (Pusan National University, South Korea); Contribution:
   Cosmic rays research; IAUGA 2022 National Organizing Committee chair
   - Prof. Victoria Kaspi (Shaw Prize Laureate 2021, Canada); Contribution:
   Understanding Magnetars
   - Prof. Shri Kulkarni (Shaw Prize Laureate 2024, Caltech, USA);
Contribution:
   Time-domain astronomy
   - Prof. Max Pettini (Gruber Cosmology Prize 2025, Cambridge, UK);
Contribution:
   Fundamental measurements of deuterium abundance and the baryon density of
   the universe
   - Dr. Sarah Pearce (SKA-Low Telescope, Australia); Contribution: Low
   frequency radio astronomy
   - Prof. Laura Perez (New Horizons Prize in Physics 2024, University of
   Chile) Contribution: Planetary system formation
   - Prof. Brian Schmidt (IAU President-Elect, Shaw Prize Laureate 2006,
   Nobel Laureate, 2011, Australian National University, Australia);
Contribution:
    Accelerating universe discovery
   - Prof. Lldar Shaikhislamov (Russian Academy of Sciences); Contribution:
    Exoplanetary atmospheres


These plenary speakers will showcase some of the most remarkable
achievements in contemporary astronomy, astrophysics, space science, and
cosmology. Stay tuned for further announcements.


Professor Quentin Andrew Parker, Chair, Director of the Laboratory for
Space Research and SOC Chair of the APRIM2026 Organising Committee, says:


APRIM2026 is a vital platform to showcase the rising prominence of the
Asia-Pacific region in astronomy and space science. Through this
conference, we aim to foster cross-regional research collaboration, inspire
the next generation of scientists, and advance our understanding of the
deep structure and evolution of our Galaxy and the universe.


We are deeply honoured to host this landmark event in Hong Kong, and look
forward to welcoming participants from around the world to this vibrant
international city as we explore the mysteries of the cosmos together.


Professor Willy Benz, IAU President, says: We are delighted to welcome you
to the next IAU Asia-Pacific Regional Meeting in Hong Kong. Join us to
discover the significant contributions that the Asia-Pacific region has
made to astronomy, explore the latest advances in pioneering studies,
listen to presentations by leading experts and connect with the world's top
researchers.


Key Themes at APRIM2026


APRIM2026 will feature nine thematic tracks reflecting the latest
scientific priorities and regional interests:



   - Astronomy Public Outreach and Education: Regional programmes for
   engaging students and the public through lectures, digital media, and
   observatory sessions, with a focus on STEM inspiration and science literacy.
   - Galaxies, AGN and the High Redshift Universe: Investigations into
   galaxy formation and evolution in the early universe, including challenges
   posed by James Webb Space Telescope data and the epoch of reionisation.
   - High Energy Astrophysics: Studies of black holes, neutron stars, and
   supernovae, with emphasis on X-rays, gamma rays, cosmic rays, neutrinos,
   and gravitational messengers.
   - Gravitational Wave Astronomy: Latest results from LIGO and
   next-generation detectors, offering new insights into compact object
   mergers and extreme astrophysical phenomena.
   - The Life Cycle of Stars and Their Planets: Advances in stellar
   evolution, planetary nebulae, supernova remnants, the interstellar medium,
   and extrasolar planetary systems with implications for life beyond Earth.
   - Radio, mm and Sub-mm Astronomy: Highlights from facilities such as SKA
   and FAST, recent surveys, and breakthroughs in interferometric techniques
   across radio wavelengths.
   - Astronomical Surveys and Time Domain Astronomy: Developments in
   wide-field optical surveys, spectroscopic missions, and time-variable sky
   studies, with emphasis on the LSST era.
   - Upcoming Astronomical Facilities: Scientific potential of future
   mega-infrastructures including ELT, GMT, Roman Space Telescope, and Xuntian.
   - Space Sustainability: Addressing challenges from satellite
   mega-constellations and space debris, with discussions on international
   policy, interference mitigation, and orbital ecosystem viability.


Key Dates for APRIM 2026



   - 1 October 2025 – Abstract submission and registration open
   - 5 December 2025 – Abstract submission deadline
   - 25 February 2026 – Early registration deadline
   - 15 March 2026 – Deadline for visa assistance requests
   - 4-8 May 2026 – Official conference date


Stay Updated


Conference updates, session details, and speaker announcements will be
published in due course on the official event website
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xYzb1cAEpqThWgw7ihT0zPif_QvkkRMEBepAJ2oQWtcJ7NEvJapSIfMEfZd0sUWl8Zd_3SO12g1PC9_H3f1NkRRCq9jqhCGV9w==&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>
.


Join us in Hong Kong in May 2026 as we celebrate the frontiers of discovery
in astronomy, astrophysics, and space science – and strengthen the bonds of
global scientific collaboration.


More Information


International Astronomical Union


The International Astronomical Union (IAU) brings together more than 13,000
professional astronomers from 85 countries. Its mission is to promote and
safeguard the science of astronomy in all its aspects through international
cooperation.


APRIM 2026


The Asia-Pacific Regional IAU Meeting 2026 (APRIM2026), one of the most
influential astronomy conferences in the region, will be held for the first
time in Hong Kong from 4–8 May 2026. Organised under the auspices of the
International Astronomical Union (IAU) and hosted by the Laboratory for
Space Research (LSR) of the University of Hong Kong,


APRIM2026 will be held at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre
(HKCEC), located in the heart of Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island. Overlooking
Victoria Harbour and offering excellent transport connectivity, HKCEC is
one of Asia’s premier venues for conventions and exhibitions. As a vibrant
international city where East meets West, Hong Kong offers world-class
facilities, museums, cuisine, and nightlife—making it an ideal destination
for global academic exchange. For venue details, please visit:
https://www.hkcec.com
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xZdm_Giee-8YKOjzJsHDQIjX7fmCdpnt1udMTAqhIXHYyNzDLTMMbh2o_-9IMIWHDDIe0KE3LlzmpPHuNrFXAlCoQKdr1A_Wmg==&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>


Contacts


Prof. Diana Worrall

IAU General Secretary

Email: IAU-general.secretary@iap.fr


Prof. Quentin Parker

Chair, APRIM2026 Organising Committees (SOC & LOC)

Email: aprim26@hku.hk


Ramasamy Venugopal

IAU Press Office

Email: iauinfos@iap.fr


International Astronomical Union (2025)
[image: Facebook]
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xdJRQ8pvTexFsr6NnK_535mMCgNxAEPAnR2N0HfzQhcKzuTQYYrJgAjihgBMiGYJu3Ej3fL0AUgErof4d5cOOqHEPecqijgg0ehovnRovM-QPP80uiwVARpUwLXxVVW-emibIqbpqtk1&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>
     [image: X]
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xdJRQ8pvTexFTqDpIN0TUQwwXht_n0_PomOr2SKLCr_AJUCWFkOUTpZ2hVxSIQxlXJ4aseb9B_iOvjwdvzXHWgTYij6tlQyMbT-sGnIoDMW4&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>
     [image: LinkedIn]
<https://np5meuhbb.cc.rs6.net/tn.jsp?f=001VMlbWQXWpUCPATeHENYi4VmXnZgadtdOBo05FOH7d6MOQMkqemO4xdJRQ8pvTexFAYpfRGDqb6Lzh7Ilp7jRjBbBblXjuvEJPwiFtXpPYkETpdQj_bFJElabwoS6tt8cWBxni3AAXKH1W5mpgpm58FWQlr6yqdhzO43eBjsMQeb7I7roxhKHWh1elsJyWv2fEitMvQSrAWHP0nqh-aOONiQreJo1Q5OQBgmazmU7d-nQcH7J8cmiqg==&c=ANaVNC6-ywyVxn4PJSvqgftPhyx34S6amPJ8fhYEcuP7at93HiqttQ==&ch=B4DTua8AFep3QU_SCWlL58w60gcOjiXYcs-N6SuOGMatKXpDHFsjXA==>

International Astronomical Union | Blv. Arago Bis-98 | Paris, 75014 FR

Unsubscribe
<https://visitor.constantcontact.com/do?p=un&m=001mhUxSN59VfRIb9zqICXxfw%3D&ch=15cb1004-0a28-11f0-af34-fa163ef8090b&ca=e7c4c8e1-04e3-4163-a66c-9856d0967aba>
| Update Profile
<https://visitor.constantcontact.com/do?p=oo&m=001mhUxSN59VfRIb9zqICXxfw%3D&ch=15cb1004-0a28-11f0-af34-fa163ef8090b&ca=e7c4c8e1-04e3-4163-a66c-9856d0967aba>
| Constant Contact Data Notice
<https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/customer-contact-data-notice>