---
title: "ALMA cycle 13 Users Workshop"
date: 2026-03-03T11:36:41+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

The ALMA Regional Center (Taiwan-ARC) of ASIAA and Taiwan Astronomical Research Alliance (TARA) are pleased to host jointly an ALMA Users Workshop for potential ALMA users in Taiwan on March 27 (Friday), 2026. 
Please see the webpage:
https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260327/

Below is the announcement:
ALMA Cycle 13 Users Workshop
Date: March 27 (Friday), 2026
Place: R1203, Astronomy-Mathematics Building, ASIAA
Registration Deadline: March 20 (Friday), 2026.
The call for proposal for ALMA Cycle 13 is anticipated to be issued on March 19, 2026. The ALMA Cycle 13 Users Workshop is designed for preparing ALMA Cycle 13 proposals. It is intended for graduate students, postdocs, faculty members and people who are interested in using ALMA.
This session, "How Experts Review Your Proposal", provides a practical look at how ALMA observational proposals are evaluated from a reviewer’s perspective. Experienced researchers will conduct a live panel review of selected real proposals, discussing their strengths, common weaknesses, and concrete ways to improve clarity, scientific impact, and competitiveness. Audience participation and discussion will be encouraged throughout. We invite participants to submit an ALMA observational proposal to be considered for live discussion by March 20th (please email to thhsieh@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw <mailto:thhsieh@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>). We particularly encourage submissions that are planned for submission or resubmission in the coming cycle. This is an opportunity to receive constructive, expert feedback that may significantly strengthen your proposal before the deadline. Proposals may be anonymized upon request.
Participants are welcome to join the workshop remotely. The link will be provided later.
The program of the ALMA Cycle 13 Users Workshop includes:
10:30 - 10:55 ALMA Cycle 13 Information
10:55 - 11:20 New Archive capability
11:20 - 11:45 ngOT introduction
11:45 - 12:00 Q&A
12:00 - 13:30 Lunch
13:30 - 14:30 How Experts Review Your Proposal: Lessons from Real Cases
(You-Hua Chu, Sheng-Yuan Liu, Yen-Ting Lin, Hsi-Wei Yen)
14:30 - 14:45 Coffee break
14:45 - 16:00 OT interactive Q&A (ARC members)
Furthermore, there is a joint session on the Cycle 13 proposal review process for the East Asia user community.
Time: 8:30am April 2, 2026
Note: please see the announcement email for the passcode.

****************************************************** 
Dr. Tien-Hao Hsieh (謝天晧)
Taiwan Astronomy Research Alliance (TARA) scientist
Phone: +886-9-56813878
Email: thhsieh@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Office：ASMAB 1311 (NTU)
******************************************************