---
title: "Re: SMA Supplementary Call for 2025B proposals"
date: 2026-01-30T14:06:59+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

It's a reminder. If you would like to submit a SMA proposal for this
supplemental call, please let me know soon.

Best,
Hsi-Wei

On Mon, Jan 19, 2026 at 9:38 AM Hsi-Wei Yen <hwyen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw> wrote:
>
> Dear colleagues,
>
> We are announcing a supplemental call for SMA proposals for the
> current 2025B semester. This opportunity is open to all researchers in
> Taiwanese institutions including ASIAA Hawaii. Student Thesis Projects
> are also welcome.
>
> The observing period is from now to 15 May 2026. We expect to allocate
> approximately 10 observing tracks through this call. Please note that
> the array will remain in the compact configuration throughout the
> entire 2025B semester, providing resolution around 3" at 1.3mm and 2"
> at 870 micron wavelengths.
> Details on the SMA capabilities and status can be found at
> http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/status.html.
>
> If you plan to submit a proposal for this supplemental call, please
> inform Hsi-Wei Yen by email at your earliest convenience including
> PI's name and proposal title. We will create a project page for you to
> upload your proposal via the SMA Observer Center
> (http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu).
>
> The page limit remains 4 pages. However, to facilitate a timely
> process, short and focused proposals (around 2 pages) that simply
> describe the scientific goals, observing strategy, and feasibility are
> encouraged.
>
> The proposal submission deadline is January 30. However, PIs are
> strongly encouraged to submit their proposals as early as possible.
> The SMA-T TAC may review proposals and decide time allocation upon
> receipt, as the semester has started.
>
> If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
>
> Sincerely,
> Hsi-Wei Yen