---
title: "Announcement: Gravitational Wave Open Data Workshop, 18th April"
date: 2026-03-24T15:07:37+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear Colleagues,

I am forwarding the information about this workshop from Surojit.

=====================================================
I am writing to you with regards to Gravitational Wave Open Data Workshop
to be held on 18th April at Taipei Municipal Chenggong High School, Taipei.

This one-day workshop is designed to offer a comprehensive introduction to
the rapidly evolving field of gravitational-wave astronomy. It will
comprise a carefully curated series of lectures followed by a hands-on
session. The lecture component will guide participants through the
fundamental principles underlying gravitational-wave science, while also
introducing the rich repository of publicly available gravitational-wave
data.

During hands-on session, participants will have the opportunity to engage
directly with the real data, gaining experience with the current
gravitational-wave data analysis tools and techniques used to visualize
gravitational-wave signals and carry out further analysis. The workshop is
structured to bridge conceptual understanding with practical application,
making it accessible to those new to the field while remaining engaging and
enriching for participants with prior familiarity.

I was hoping if you could share this in the department it would be of great
help. Below is the registration link. For more queries feel free to reach
out to me.

Registration Link: https://indico.global/event/17119/overview

Regards
Surojit