---
title: "ASIAA Summer Student Program 2026: Open for applications"
date: 2026-02-09T10:39:15+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

The ASIAA summer student program 2026
(https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/ssp/2026) is now open for
applications. Please help with forwarding this information to students
or communities who may be
interested.

Best,
Hsi-Wei Yen
the SSP committee

--

Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics
2026 Summer Student Program

Are you interested in astronomy and astrophysical research? Are you
looking for a full-time summer internship to participate in the
academic research of astronomy, astrophysics, or astronomical
instrumentation?

If so, then you are encouraged to apply for the ASIAA Summer Student
Program. Students conduct original research in observational,
theoretical, or laboratory-based projects under the supervision of a
professional astronomer at ASIAA. Participants also attend regular
lectures on a broad range of astronomy topics. Our Summer Student
Program is an excellent opportunity to prepare for further studies in
astronomy and astrophysics.

Summer Students receive a stipend of NTD 26,000 per month.

- Time: June 29 - August 21, 2026

- Who can apply?
Undergraduate and graduate students majoring in mathematical,
physical, or computational sciences, or engineering are eligible to
apply. Preference will be given to those entering their 3rd or 4th
year of undergraduate studies or beginning a Master's program in fall
2026.

- How to apply?
All applicants should submit the application form online
(https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw//ssp/2026).

- Application Deadline : March 13, 2026, 15:00 (UTC+8)

- Contact Email: summer@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw