---
title: "Re: Calls for SMA Proposals: 2025B Supplemental and 2026A Regular"
date: 2026-03-24T11:01:20+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

It's a reminder. If you plan to submit a proposal to SMA Supplemental
2025B or 2026A call, please inform me by email at your earliest
convenience, including the PI’s name and proposal title. We will
create a project page for you to upload your proposal via the SMA
Observer Center: http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu. The submission deadline
is March 31.

Best regards,
Hsi-Wei




On Mon, Mar 2, 2026 at 2:54 PM Hsi-Wei Yen <hwyen@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw> wrote:
>
> Dear colleagues,
>
> We are announcing two calls for SMA proposals:
>
> (1) Supplemental 2025B Projects (Current Semester)
> The observing period is from now until 15 May 2026. We expect to
> allocate approximately 10 observing tracks through this call. Please
> note that the array will remain in the compact configuration
> throughout the entire 2025B semester, providing resolutions of ~3″ at
> 1.3 mm and ~2″ at 870 μm.
>
> (2) Regular 2026A Projects (Forthcoming Semester)
> The observing period is from 16 May 2026 to 15 November 2026. We
> expect to allocate approximately 4 observing tracks through this call.
> In 2026A, the SMA will remain in the compact configuration through
> September.
>
> These opportunities are open to all researchers at Taiwanese
> institutions, including ASIAA Hawaii. Student thesis projects are also
> welcome. Details on SMA capabilities and current status can be found
> at:
> http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu/status.html
>
> The SMA has recently deployed the “on-the-fly” mapping mode and
> automated data calibration. The automated pipeline calibrates Tsys,
> passband (including spike removal), phase and amplitude gains, and
> flux. The pipeline supports normal 2 x pol observations and also
> polarization observations. Although it has not yet been publicly
> released, pipeline processing can be provided upon request.
>
> If you plan to submit a proposal to either call, please inform Hsi-Wei
> Yen by email at your earliest convenience, including the PI’s name and
> proposal title. We will create a project page for you to upload your
> proposal via the SMA Observer Center:
> http://sma1.sma.hawaii.edu
>
> The page limit is 4 pages. However, to facilitate a timely review
> process, short and focused proposals (around 2 pages) describing the
> scientific goals, observing strategy, and feasibility are encouraged.
> Proposals will be reviewed solely by the SMA-T TAC.
>
> The submission deadline is March 31. For the 2025B supplemental call,
> PIs are strongly encouraged to submit proposals as early as possible.
> As the semester has already begun, the SMA-T TAC may review proposals
> and allocate time upon receipt.
>
> If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
>
> Sincerely,
> Hsi-Wei Yen