---
title: "Re: JCMT Users Meeting 2026: first announcement"
date: 2026-04-02T16:17:39+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,

The deadline for the registration and the abstract submission of the JCMT
users meeting 2026 is postponed;
the new deadline is April 15th. If you have not done it yet, this is your
last chance.

https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260608/

cheers,
Nagayoshi

On Wed, 11 Mar 2026 at 17:21, Nagayoshi Ohashi <ohashi@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
wrote:

> Dear Colleagues,
>
> This is a gentle reminder: the deadline for the registration to
> participate in the JCMT Users Meeting held at ASIAA in Taipei is *March
> 31st*.
> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260608/
> If you are interested in attending the meeting, please complete the
> registration.
>
> Regards,
> Nagayoshi Ohashi
> on behalf of the organizers
>
> On Fri, 30 Jan 2026 at 17:30, Nagayoshi Ohashi <ohashi@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
> wrote:
>
>> Dear Colleagues,
>>
>> We are pleased to announce that the JCMT Users Meeting 2026 will be held at
>> *the Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA) in** Taipei,
>> Taiwan, from **June 8 to 11, 202*6.
>>
>> The meeting will consist of:
>>
>>    - June 8–10: Scientific and technical sessions
>>    - June 11: Lectures and hands-on tutorials for new JCMT users
>>
>> As in previous years, the final day (June 11) will also be available for satellite
>> meetings organized by user groups, such as JCMT Large Program teams.
>> More details of the meeting can be found here:
>> https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260608/index.php
>>
>> The scientific and technical sessions will highlight recent results
>> obtained with the JCMT, including those related to VLBI/EHT. We will
>> also discuss ongoing and upcoming technical developments—such as a next
>> generation continuum camera, HARP, and dual-band VLBI—along with their
>> potential scientific applications. Additionally, the meeting will explore
>> synergies between JCMT and other facilities, including ALMA, existing
>> and future large millimeter/submillimeter telescopes like AtLAST and LST,
>> and multiwavelength facilities.
>>
>> If you are interested in participating, please mark your calendars.
>> Further details will be provided in the second circular.
>>
>> We look forward to seeing you in Taipei!
>>
>>
>> Nagayoshi
>> On behalf of the organizers
>>
>