---
title: "First Announcement -- \"East Asian Community Workshop: ALMA2040 Science and Technology Perspectives\""
date: 2026-03-13T14:50:33+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

below is the first announcement of the next East-Asian Community Workshop
about Science
and Technology Development for ALMA2040.

best,
Patrick

======================================

"East Asian Community Workshop: ALMA2040 Science and Technology
Perspectives"
July 15-17, 2026, NAOJ Mitaka, Japan
EA ALMA Workshops 2026
<https://www2.nao.ac.jp/~eaarc/Meetings/EAALMA-ALMA2040/>

Since the start of full scientific operations in 2011, ALMA has delivered
transformative results across a wide range of astrophysical fields. These
achievements have been supported by sustained, community-driven development
efforts. Over the past decade, the East Asian community has worked closely
with international partners, holding a series of workshops to identify
long-term priorities. These efforts culminated in the formulation of the
ALMA Development Roadmap, which defines key scientific goals and capability
enhancements to be pursued toward the 2030s.
To further expand the frontiers of astronomy, it is essential to begin
discussing scientific and technical goals that look toward the 2040s and
beyond. This workshop will serve as a kick-off meeting for the East Asian
ALMA community to explore long-term perspectives for future
millimeter/submillimeter interferometers, under concepts often referred to
as "ALMA2040", "Beyond WSU", or "ALMA3". We will invite ambitious,
forward-looking presentations from both science and technology perspectives
and encourage contributed talks to gather a broad range of ideas from the
community. This workshop aims to gather broad input, stimulate
cross-disciplinary discussion, and lay the groundwork for a shared
long-term vision to guide future planning and development.

Timeline:
March 2: 1st announcement
mid-Apr: Registration open
mid-Apr: 2nd announcement with invited speakers
late-May: Deadline for talk abstract submission
mid-Jun: Deadline for registration and poster abstract submission

SOC:
Bunyo Hatsukade (NAOJ)
Jongsoo Kim (KASI)
Patrick Koch (ASIAA)
Hideo Sagawa (Kyoto Sangyo Univ)
Wei-Hao Wang (ASIAA)
Satoru Iguchi (NAOJ)

LOC:
Bunyo Hatsukade (NAOJ)
Akiko Kawamura (NAOJ)
Zhengyi Chen (NAOJ)