---
title: "Events During Nobel Laureate Prof. Michel Mayor’s Visit on January 22 and 23"
date: 2026-01-21T10:27:48+08:00
draft: false
---

Hi all,

Forwading the two events during Michel Mayor’s visit that might be of
interest to many of you.

==========================================================
We are thrilled to announce that, in coordination with AS and ASIP, we will
be hosting Prof. Michel Mayor, recipient of the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics
for the discovery of the first exoplanet around a Sun-like star (-- I would
not have my career without this discovery!). Details of the public lecture
are attached below.

=== Michel Mayor’s lecture info ===

The fourth lecture of the TAIWAN BRIDGES Program at Academia Sinica will be
held at *2 pm on January 22, 2026 (Thursday)*. We are honored to welcome
Dr. Michel Mayor, recipient of the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics, who will
deliver a distinguished keynote lecture.

Lecture Title:
Is There a Planet B – Will Humanity Emigrate to an Exoplanet?

Venue:

*International Conference Hall 3F,Humanities and Social Sciences Building,
Academia Sinica*.

Lecture Synopsis:
Three decades after the discovery of the first planet orbiting a star like
our sun, several thousand planetary systems have been discovered. Does life
exist elsewhere in the cosmos? Advances in spectroscopic studies of
exoplanets suggest that the search for extraterrestrial life is possible.
Millions of “habitable” rocky planets exist in our galaxy. These are
planets with all the characteristics required for the complex development
of the chemistry that could give rise to life. Can humanity dream of
emigrating to an Earth B?

Online Registration: https://forms.gle/SANwVpmc5HirdVqt7


TAIWAN BRIDGES Lecture by Nobel Laureate Dr. Michel Mayor
[image: Mayor Poster.jpg]


Following the public lecture, we will also organize an informal discussion
session with Prof. Mayor on *Jan 23, from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM, in AS R1412
(台大天文數學館 <https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/guide/map.php>)*. The format will
be question-driven and covering a broad range of topics, from any
research-related questions to the ethics of astrobiology.

To help us organize the session, please use the link below to *register*
and submit questions you would like to ask and discuss.

https://forms.gle/XC3CkTY1KEV5mJbz6


Best,
Shami
--
Shang-Min (Shami), Tsai
Assistant Research Fellow
Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA), Taipei, Taiwan
+886-2-2366-5408