---
title: "Postdoc position at NTNU in gravitational dynamics"
date: 2026-01-23T12:04:33+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear All,

Below please find below ad for a postdoc position at NTNU with Professor 
David Hernandez in numerical gravitational dynamics.  Please distribute to 
anyone you think might be interested.

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
Title: Postdoc in computational gravitational dynamics

Description:
The Department of Physics at National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU) 
Gongguan Campus invites applications for a postdoctoral position in 
gravitational dynamics and numerical methods working with Prof. David M. 
Hernandez.  The position is for two years, with a third and fourth year 
available depending on performance.  The starting time is as soon as 
possible.

In addition to potential collaboration with faculty and students at NTNU, 
the successful candidate will also be able to join NTNU's Center for 
Astronomy and Gravity.  Academic Sinica and the National Taiwan University 
physics department are also walking distance away.

Responsibilities:
The successful candidate will work with David Hernandez on projects in 
numerical methods for gravitational equations, solar system dynamics, and 
related research.  The candidate will explore numerical solutions of 
ordinary differential equations and will be expected to write papers and 
develop code.

Compensation: 
Minimum 65800 NTD/month; higher compensation available depending on 
qualifications.

Qualifications: 
1. A PhD in physics, math, computer science, or similar is required
2. Expert familiarity with at least one coding language
3. Solid mathematical background, including ordinary differential equations 
(ODEs)
4. Some knowledge of numerical methods for ODEs
5. Knowledge of techniques in symbolic regression is a bonus

Application details:
1. As a single PDF, please send a CV (including publication list) and 
statement of research interests (2 pages maximum) to 
postdocntnu2026@gmail.com.  Reference letters may also be requested.
2.  Application deadline: March 1, 2026
3. For inquiries, please contact David Hernandez, dmhernandez@ntnu.edu.tw