---
title: "2026 East Asian ALMA Workshops: Registration is now open for the Data Analysis Workshop"
date: 2026-05-08T16:06:00+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear all,

The registration for the EA ALMA Data Analysis Workshop 2026 (July 13-15@NAOJ) is now open.
Please see the announcement below.

Best,
Tien-Hao

======================================

We are pleased to announce that registration for the EA ALMA Data Analysis Workshop 2026 is now open.
 
The EA ALMA Data Analysis Workshop is a series of hands-on workshops, and this year marks the third workshop in the series. The workshop aims to offer an opportunity for young ALMA users to learn advanced data analysis techniques while encouraging international collaboration through small-group activities and mini-projects using ALMA archival data.
 
We invite all interested participants to register at the following link:
 
https://forms.cloud.microsoft/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=3sqHADRb2kSC3zViN2lm-beXaVSbYONOkGEM-H0QR6BUN1JETkxSSEZBODFHUFhIRTYxOUhIQklaOS4u
 
 
Please note that the registration timeline for the Data Analysis Workshop is different from that of the East Asian ALMA Community Workshop: ALMA2040 Science and Technology Perspectives.
 
[Important Dates]
 
    * May 8: Registration open for the Data Analysis Workshop
    * May 29: Data Analysis Workshop registration deadline
    * June 8: Announcement of the list of Data Analysis Workshop Participants
    * July 13–15 (am): EA ALMA Data Analysis Workshop
 
[Topics]
 
    * Multi-bands
    * Self-calibration
    * Polarization
    * Sparse modeling
    * TP-combining + mosaic
    * Visibility fitting
    * Basics
  
Further updates and details will be continuously added to the workshop's webpage.
 
Please keep an eye on:
 
https://www2.nao.ac.jp/~eaarc/Meetings/EAALMA-ALMA2040/ 
 
for the latest information.
 
We look forward to your participation.
 
Zhengyi Chen, on behalf of the SOC members

****************************************************** 
Dr. Tien-Hao Hsieh (謝天晧)
Taiwan Astronomy Research Alliance (TARA) scientist
Phone: +886-9-56813878
Email: thhsieh@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw
Office：ASMAB 1311 (NTU)
******************************************************