---
title: "Fwd: Postdoctoral positions in Astrophysics at DAMTP, University of Cambridge"
date: 2026-02-02T08:00:00+08:00
draft: false
---

FYI

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Roman R. Rafikov <rrr34@cam.ac.uk>
Date: Sun, Feb 1, 2026 at 2:48 AM
Subject: Postdoctoral positions in Astrophysics at DAMTP, University of
Cambridge
To: Min-Kai Lin <mklin@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Cc: Roman R. Rafikov <rrr34@cam.ac.uk>


Dear Min-Kai,

The Astrophysics group at the Department of Applied Mathematics and
Theoretical Physics (DAMTP) at the University of Cambridge invites
applications for two postdoctoral positions. As we are somewhat late in the
hiring season, we would be grateful if you could circulate this information
among the potentially interested members of your group.

-  Research Associate in Astrophysical Discs and Exoplanets to work with
Prof. Roman Rafikov on theoretical and computational projects related to
the study of disc-planet interactions, protoplanetary discs, discs in
binaries, and astrophysical fluid dynamics. This position is funded for up
to 3 years, with the deadline for applications on 16 February 2026.  For
more details please see
https://www.jobs.cam.ac.uk/job/54295/
https://aas.org/jobregister/ad/937db20c
or contact Prof. Roman Rafikov (rrr34@cam.ac.uk) directly.
-  Newton International Fellowships 2026, available to non-UK scientists
and funded by the Royal Society
https://royalsociety.org/grants/newton-international/
Astrophysics group is happy to support up to 3 applications for this call
in areas relevant for our group, which will be subject to internal review
and selection by DAMTP Directors Committee (pre-applications are due by 13
February 2026). Please contact Prof Henrik Latter (hl278@cam.ac.uk), Prof.
Gordon Ogilvie (gio10@cam.ac.uk) or Prof. Roman Rafikov (rrr34@cam.ac.uk)
with questions about this position and application process.
Regards,
Roman Rafikov, Henrik Latter, Gordon Ogilvie
-----
Professor Roman Rafikov
Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (DAMTP)
University of Cambridge
Tel: +44 (0)1223 764254