---
title: "Fwd: Announcement of the Proposal Writing Workshop (ProWrite) for postdocs : Monday, May 25, 2026"
date: 2026-05-12T21:24:17+08:00
draft: false
---

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Indrani Das <idas@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>
Date: Tue, May 12, 2026 at 7:36 PM
Subject: Announcement of the Proposal Writing Workshop (ProWrite) for
postdocs : Monday, May 25, 2026
To: riaa <riaa@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw>, <tan@asroc.org.tw>


Dear colleagues, especially postdocs,

We are pleased to announce that we are organizing the first* Proposal
Writing Workshop (ProWrite)
<https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260525/index.php>* for
postdocs and postdoc-level researchers across Taiwan.
This workshop aims to guide participants in effective writing strategies to
craft a highly competitive proposal for job and/or grant applications.

*Event Details :*

   - *Date: Monday, May 25, 2026*
   - *Location: ASIAA, Taipei*

Inspired by the success of the Symposium for Early Career Astronomers
(SECA) meeting and in response to the following requests raised by ASIAA
postdocs and some interested SECA participants, we have arranged three
panel sessions focused on career development.

*The one-day ProWrite workshop will include panel sessions on:*

   - *Faculty Job Application Proposals*
   - *Fellowship Application Proposals*
   - *Grant Proposals*


We warmly invite *postdocs and postdoc-level researchers* to join this
unique opportunity to connect with peers, learn from senior scientists, and
gain insights into career paths in academia and research institutes. We
highly encourage you to *register and submit all the questions/concerns* that
you'd like our panelists to address. There will be opportunities for open
discussions as well.

Further details, including registration information and the program, can be
found on the workshop webpage under the "Registration"
<https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20260525/registration.php>
section.

The registration deadline is May 20, 2026. However, we kindly request you
to submit your questions by *Monday, May 18, 18:00,* as this will allow us
sufficient time to share them with our panelists in advance.
Given the short timeline, we would greatly appreciate your cooperation.

Please feel free to reach out to us if you have any questions.
We look forward to seeing you at ProWrite!



*Invited Panelists (confirmed so far)*
Tomomi Sunayama (ASIAA)
Shang-Min Tsai (ASIAA)
Chin-Fei Lee (ASIAA)
Ke-Jung Chen (ASIAA)
Wei-Hao Wang (ASIAA)


*Organizing committee (ASIAA)*
Indrani Das (Chair)
Daniel Baker
Bovornpratch Vijarnwannaluk
Michihiro Takami
Wei-Hao Wang
Keiichi Asada
Chian-Chou Chen



Best regards,
Indrani
On behalf of ASIAA postdoc representatives





*Dr. Indrani Das*
ASIAA Postdoctoral Research Fellow
Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics (ASIAA)
No.1, Sec. 4, Roosevelt Rd, Taipei 106319, Taiwan, R.O.C
*Personal Webpage <https://indraniastro.github.io/> | ASIAA's Homepage
<https://www.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/people/cv.php?i=idas>*
ᐧ