---
title: "Conference: ALMA at 15 Years: Science, Synergies, and the Road Ahead"
date: 2026-01-09T10:00:30+08:00
draft: false
---

Dear colleagues,


Here is the pre-announcement of the “ALMA at 15 Years: Science, Synergies,
and the Road Ahead” Conference:

https://events.asiaa.sinica.edu.tw/workshop/20270222/


, which will be held in Taipei from Feb. 22 to 26 next year (2027). Please
save your dates if you're interested in participating.


Lihwai Lin

(on behalf of SOC)


===================================

We are pleased to announce that the international conference “ALMA at 15
Years: Science, Synergies, and the Road Ahead” will be held in person from
Feb. 22–26, 2027, at Academia Sinica’s Nangang campus in Taipei, Taiwan.
The conference will highlight ALMA’s latest results, especially since the
last Pan-ALMA conference held in 2023, and identify exciting directions for
future ALMA research.

The program will feature invited and contributed science presentations,
along with updates on the Wideband Sensitivity Upgrade (WSU), tutorial
sessions on the archival and CARTA systems, and discussions of future ALMA
prospects. Talks and posters presenting scientific work using ALMA and/or
its synergies with other facilities across all areas of astronomy are
welcome. Further details will be announced in March.

Important Dates

March  2026     First conference announcement

May 2026          Registration and abstract submission open

July   2026        Abstract submission (talks/posters) and registration
close


SOC

John Carpenter (JAO, Chile)

Paola Caselli (MPE, Germany)

Marilyn Cruces (UC Chile, Chile)

Leen Decin (KU Leuven, Belgium)

Maria Diaz Trigo (ESO, Germany)

Bunyo Hatsukade (NAOJ, Japan)

Rodrigo Herrera-Camus (Universidad de Concepción, Chile)

Jongsoo Kim (KASI, Korea)

Lihwai Lin (ASIAA, Taiwan; Chair)

Leslie Looney (UIUC, USA)

Brett McGuire (MIT, USA)

Jennifer Donovan Meyer (NRAO/NAASC, USA)

LOC

Cindy Chiu (ASIAA)

Tien-Hao Hsieh (TARA)

Sheng-Jun Lin (ASIAA)

Yu-Nung Su (ASIAA)

Ya-Wen Tang (ASIAA)

Wei-Hao Wang (ASIAA; Chair)

Yu-Ting Wu (ASIAA)